So many peoples lives are actually endangered for their views, yet these 1st amendment screeds only seem to crop up in defense of the historically powerful claiming minority status. Until it shows up for everyone, its merely a service for the powerful, not a challenge of it.Booo corny tomato tomato tomato   Im on team embarrassing racists is our first amendment right, not their first amendment violation thanksImagine living in the US today, where the #1 source of domestic terrorism is far-right groups(per FBI!), books about slavery are getting banned, parents are criminalized for trans kids, yet asserting the 1st amendment is about protecting bigots from feeling embarrassed in public.Wonder what my Dem colleagues welcoming this kind of support think about this position.SoAIPAC is now endorsing & donating to Republicans who voted to overturn the US election on Jan 6th because, according to their statement, its more OK to dismantle US democracy than it is to question if US tax dollars should fund detention & abuse of Palestinian kids. Got it.Hell yes cant wait for some union made coffee in the morning!NYC Protip: the Q70 bus to LaGuardia is FREE all this week, starting today!  Shout out to the @MTA Please take the public transit to the airport if you can. Its faster than getting stuck on the BQE behind a fender bender & walking from the highway (yes this happens!).@AyannaPressley just brought the FIRE on the House floor speaking in favor of passage for the #CROWNAct just now. Wow@EmilyHigg@miadegraaf We had trigonometry and pre-calc start at 7:20 in the morning! Students would have to arrive at school before sunrise! And every adult in the building acted like this all was completely reasonable! Still mad about itYoull also learn a lot about who has access to public options and who doesnt.I mean seriously. Next time someone wants to brag about how capitalist they are & pop off about how much they believe in and love free markets, challenge them to name them. Name the significant markets that impact peoples lives that are actual free markets. Youll learn a LOTYour medicine would be much, much cheaper if the billions in PUBLICLY funded research and development of treatments were treated like public investments requiring a return rather than multi-billion giveaways to big pharma once a cure is developed.  And so on and so forth.If public, socially owned, or cooperative housing was widely available, many would choose that over being held hostage by a private equity co charging 60% of your $ for a small apt. Or youd choose to buy a home if it wasnt being gobbled up by those same cos capturing the mktIf you think gas is expensive now, imagine if we actually had to pay the true price w/o the insane gov subsidies and favoring granted to them. If fossil fuel companies didnt have such tipped scales for them its very likely wed be much further along w/ cheaper alternativesMany folks run around claiming to be free-market capitalists, but what they actually are is captured market capitalists, using subsidies + restrictive policy to hold us hostage to fossil fuels, for-profit healthcare/housing, etc that many wouldnt choose if they had the choiceSame goes for pretty much every other industry - big pharma, Wall Street, etc etcTruly bizarre how in Washington its totally allowed + acceptable to accept hundreds of thousands in fossil fuel money + own millions in fossil fuel investments while brazenly killing clean energy policy, but whats NOT acceptable is raising that fact &questioning the connection.Profiteering. And there should be consequences for it.@evie4us @sabrinafbazile @RepAOC @FSCDems Including social housing, public entities purchasing socially distressed housing, land trusts, and exploring right of first refusal to tenants for purchase, and exploring other methods.@evie4us @sabrinafbazile @RepAOC @FSCDems The full question line addresses thisCalled it@BTMusicMike @nickwestes We had them in BBB!Join us for a shift this week!Members of Congress trading stocks while having access to sensitive info + writing policy is already bad, but buying up defense contractor stock while receiving classified briefings on Ukraine and voting on US involvement? textbook case as to why this should be illegalIn related news, weve heard that were soon getting a hearing date on banning members of Congress from trading individual stock while in office. Theres still a lot of resistance in Congress, though. Keep pushing. Because lots of ppl are really trying to protect this behaviorWhat if the people working overtime to keep first graders trapped in school lunch debt are the baddiesUnemployment also hit 14.8% in 2020, the highest rate ever seen in the US since data collection began. Does the Senator want to jump to claim that as Trumps legacy too? Or would we rather examine context and data like adults?Maybe that has something to do with the fact that everyone in the country was quarantining while 350,000 people died and COVID vaccines werent out yetAnyways, apologies for the long thread but sometimes its important to dive a bit deeper. If youre a person who has genuine questions on this issue, let me know! Happy to explore them together2nd, theres a lot of Fed policy to tackle. One area Ive spent time on is our long-neglected public housing policy, where we advanced legislation to repeal Faircloth & make ambitious investments like those in GND for Public Housing. But theres so much more beyond that as well.Thats why @CouragetoChanges focus this year is helping people identify their local pro-housing candidates across the country. Local candidates who take the pledge are listed here. Either way, *always* ask candidates if they take money from these lobbies.So, what can we do about it? A lot! First, one of the fastest-impact areas you can make change is on the local level. Local elections are very relevant to cost of housing in your area. Theres a lot to explore non-electorally too, like community land trusts, tenants unions,etcIf you see pols who are consistently in favor of endlessly exploding budgets for police/surveillance/jails, dig in & explore what their relationship to real estate & other lobbies, or what their housing, school, and public health policies consist of. Itll often tell you a lot.or # of officers will fix the crises of housing or violence created by powerful interests, but it really just serves to cover up a crisis that were all suffering from Its a slam dunk for politicians cozy w/ big money interests to distract from their relationship w/ themFact is causes for crime and homelessness can have many complex and contributing factors. By the time they surge, a web of policies and decisions have already driven that result - housing costs, community disinvestment, lobbying, etc. Its an easy sell to think one department /2The housing crisis is exploding. One perk for many politicians & media working to make peoples knee-jerk reaction to homelessness be policing is it keeps ppl from seeing + organizing against the larger powers driving the housing crisis, like private equity + real estate lobbiesThank you @NewYorkStateAGWhats worse is that ppl use anecdotes from their uncle at dinner to insist activist demands had an electoral impact, but even Dem party data showed that it had no sig impact on midterms. The political argument lacks evidence, yet were doing this anyway & were not getting saferShout out to everyone working to explode funding for surveillance programs like these across the country under the guise of fund the police when in fact police budgets are already at some of their highest levels in US history across the country. no facts, just vibesIve asked some places the past, too! How does X outlet decide what merits a check? What are your standards? I have yet to hear a good, consistent answer. If someone does this well I would love to learn about itOne thing I have learned about many fact-check operations is that while the facts of a given matter may be objective, who/when/what they check or publish seems almost entirely subjective. They rarely share their standards for what meets a check, which leads to moments like thisMeanwhile, for those of us representing communities struggling w/ public safety (& not just hearing about it on TV), we dont get the investments needed to actually reduce harm and invest in our communities. Harm then continues, non-evidence based policy resurges, rinse, repeatIf you look at NYC, what are the *evidence*-based reasons for resuming UN-deemed torture practices in the form of solitary to Rikers? Whats the evidence to revive the plainclothes unit, which despite being 5% of the force was responsible for 31% of police killings over 20 yrs?This is the saddest part of this whole conversation. The cost of constantly playing political football w/public safety is a total lack of serious discussion & investment in actual evidence-based approaches to reducing violence + harm. Polling becomes more important than outcomesCongressman @GregCasar has a pretty nice ring to it!  Congratulations, Texas Greg will be a fantastic representative.Shes right and thats why the type of members who trade stock while holding public office were the ones throwing a tantrum about her making this WFP address that literally happens every yearDoesnt want to alienate his base@PabloReports @ryangrim If leadership decided masks are now optional at SOTU, then how are they requiring social distancing to the extent of excluding press? That doesnt make senseMcCarthy stood on the House floor and passionately defended Rep. Gosar, who also headlined fundraisers for white nationalist orgs & escalated into inciting violence in the House. He made it fair game. Its not an exaggeration in the slightest to say he works to protect them.McCarthy has been protecting his little KKK Caucus for years with these toothless statements and meetings. Its how he covers for them. Hes now helped them for so long theyve escalated their open antisemitism & collaboration w/ white nationalist groups. Hes just as culpable.Texans, TOMORROW is our shot to vote for healthcare, wages, and a better future. Its time to cast your ballot for @JCisnerosTX & @GregCasar.  Are you voting before or after work? Have you already voted? Share your voting plan and bring some friends + fam to the polls.Ive sat on a committee with this guy for years. He talks like this every day.Imagine if defunding schools was as politically controversial as not wanting to fund robodogs and mass surveillance. Imagine if police depts had to meet even a fraction of the financial scrutiny & performance auditing that our schools do. Just wild what weve learned to accept.Its not within the realm of political commentary, & its not just me. He regularly targets people that do not have access to resources for protection. Once he gets to fantasizing about booty calls of women on national TV I cease to see the political value outside of incitementI genuinely want to know why Tucker Carlson is allowed/paid to engage in clear, targeted, libelous harassment that endangers people &drives so many violent threats that ppl have to fundraise for their own safety. Why should they have to pay for his harassment? Make it make senseBecause: a) they prev. wouldnt vote to limit their own enrichment & b) they score political points by voting down COLA, housing, &/or work deductions. Except paying 2 rents for a job isnt normal so they end up trading as a workaround The good news: public pressure is working!Any man that talks like this will treat any woman like this. Doesnt matter if youre Republican, Democrat, or neither, this is clearly not a safe person to leave alone w/ women. Once again, the existence of a wife or daughters doesnt make a man good. And this one is basuraRemember when the right wing had a meltdown when I suggested they exhibit obsessive impulses around young women? Well now Tucker Carlson is wishing for this on national TV. Youre a creep bro. If youre this easy w/ sexual harassment on air, how are you treating your staff?This is the type of stuff you say when your name starts with a P and ends with dejo@CoriBushTruly wild how these folks called the shots & got their desired nominees, agenda, priorities, legislative order, and excluded us from participating in campaigns yet find no shortage of ppl willing to write as their uncritical stenographers. This is how capital & power works folksHeres whats really going on: those mods signed a letter in Aug holding the entire party agenda hostage demanding BBB NOT pass w/BIF, sinking Bidens plan. Now CTC expired &they dont know how to accept responsibility so are lazily blaming the same folks they always do.The end.If you havent gotten your Girl Scout cookies this year (or would like more), please consider getting some from Troop 6000.  Ordering them here will help expand the Troop to more shelters & bring the scouting experience to girls experiencing homelessness:In good news: 5 years ago, our community came together to establish #Troop6000, the first Girl Scout troop founded by+for girls experiencing homelessness. Last night Hailey V. made history as our countrys 1st-ever Gold Award recipient from Troop 6000. We are so proud of her.Meanwhile the press talks about it like its some beltway drama without ever showing the people who are sleeping in bubble jackets with no heat or the kids going hungry waiting for some guy in a yacht to decide if they are fully human or not. Its just shameful, all of itOne US Senator heard stories about people allegedly using the Child Tax Credit for drugs without any evidence or data to back it up. He then used that as justification to nuke the entire national program, causing millions of kids to fall into poverty in weeks. HorrifyingChild tax credit expired Dec 31st and it was many peoples lifeline to feed and clothe their kids. Politicians let it expire overnight with a shrug, but now want to feed into the sensationalism around crime acting like shoplifting has nothing to do with their actions. Wild.When I talk about violent conditions, this is what I mean. But hey, its much easier to frame people who steal baby formula and medicine as monsters to be jailed than acknowledge our politics and economic priorities create conditions where people steal baby formula to survive.Ever wonder how to get on the ballot and run in NY? Well, were here to teach you and set you up for practice! Our first online petition training is TONIGHT at 6:30. Join us & sign up for an in-person shift! Youll make some great friends with shared values along the way :)Fox News analysts already reaping the benefits of banning books, I seeThanks! One funny aspect of this is sometimes a detractor will aggressively approach me in person, expecting me to be whatever media has led them to believe, and has no idea what to do after we start talking &they see how misleading it is. The shock creates space for conversation@waltshaub It really is there! And its thanks to the public pressure and people not letting it goLike I said, weirdos@unusual_whales @waltshaub Noted potentially why here- basically its been very difficult to get the votes to actually pass it, amendments are one process option. But if we can start with all of it *and* get the votes needed to pass it without needing amendments, then great@bsdtectr @waltshaub Theres policy, process, & politics. Policy wise youre right,bill should have it from the start. Process/politics wise we may have a hard time getting the votes/mvmt if it starts broad. If we can, great! If not,amdmnt votes could create the necessary public pressure to get it in@waltshaub Remember they all can have spousal amendments added/included though!Ted Cruz could neverChange happens one conversation at a time.@cosmosbaby @waltshaub We actually pay into our health insurance (which we get off the ACA exchange) and arent allowed to write off any work expenses - which include a required 2nd residence. A lot of false rumors circulate about Congressional perks but Im happy to clarify what they actually are@KristerJohnson I started watching it this week! Its greatWhat are some of your favorite books / resources about housing?For real though when you see how the GOP openly embrace and leverage fascist members of their party vs how much some Dems run away and frame their own base mobilizers as just as extreme its not hard to see how that asymmetry/false equivalence has contributed to where we areAt least she leads by example. She clearly banned all books from her house years agoWell, since he decided to bring me into this Did you know that Cullar is an anti-choice Dem in a state where women & LGBTQ+ repro rights are under attack? This district has only gotten bluer, too. Its 2022. We really dont have to settle for rock bottom. Vote @JCisnerosTXDeep thoughts with Jack Handey over hereImmigrant and Latino communities notice this hypocrisy on immigration big time too@BKSunset @jennyaction We also got fully funded NYCHA in BBBIts shameful how both parties fight tooth + nail to defend their ability to pump endless public money into militarization. From tanks in police depts to corrupt military contracts, funding this violence is bipartisan + non-controversial, yet healthcare + housing isnt. Its BS.@jennyaction @les3025 We successfully fought for its inclusion in BBB, which is one reason why we insisted it pass with BIF instead of letting it get left behind@jennyaction AgreedTexans, are you ready?  Were coming in for a major DOUBLE-RALLY next Saturday, Feb 12th to send @GregCasar + @JCisnerosTX to Congress and support community organizing across the state. This ones going to be special. Join us & RSVP now:On Capitol Hill, interns are often unpaid, many staffers dont make a living wage, and lack of work protections can pave the way for unhealthy environments. @RepAndyLevin is right - sounds like a perfect place for a union.@ryangrim If you got time to lean, you got time to cleanCancel vacation. Vote on weekends. Vote for hours. Vote last minute. Call votes when Senators are courting billionaires at fundraisers. They may get apoplectic, but its nothing compared to the people theyre forcing to sleep without heat in winter, or losing the right to vote.Actually he should continue to make their lives as difficult as possible and treat them the way they treat, say, public housing residents. Or parents who rely on CTC. When they improve, maybe process can improve too. Why should we make the lives of obstructionists easier?Yeah its bad.@CongressmanRaja, @JoeNeguse and I have worked to ban members of Congress from trading individual stock for YEARS. Lots of stories about the attempts to sink it - but now, thanks to increased public pressure + attention, we may have a shot. Keep up the pressure its workingSeniors, kids, & people with disabilities in my community have been sleeping with bubble jackets on in 18 degree nights, despite paying rent, bc the NYCHA funding to fix their heating and capital needs is in BBB. Where should I direct them to wait out the cold? Manchins yacht?@kurtbardella Thanks Kurt. Your comment is deeply meaningful as Chair Cummings was a profound influence and mentor in the time we had together. There are no words for how special and powerful of a spirit he was. Hes in my heart today.Find it here:Are you running/thinking of running in a local election (ex: council race) to help make things better? I want to help - especially in tackling our housing crisis. We need people running everywhere. Check out our @CouragetoChange endorsement page to learn more. Good luck!The suggestion that any job is low skill is a myth perpetuated by wealthy interests to justify inhumane working conditions, little/no healthcare, and low wages. Plus being a waitress has made me and many others *better* at our jobs than those whove never known that life.Happy New Year everyone may we all enjoy a meaningful, healthy, and blessed year to come.The fact that these people are so creepy/weird yet are also the ones responsible for shaping the NEWS HEADLINES we all see in media should be really concerning.  I dont even want to know what knuckle-dragging thoughts these people have all day while covering women in politicsIm glad you felt the need to share that with the world. Dont worry, this is a totally normal thought to have and share as an editor of a right-wing website, and totally doesnt prove my point at all. I hear if you say it enough times youll actually start to believe itIts starting to get old ignoring the very obvious, strange, and deranged sexual frustrations that underpin the Republican fixation on me, women,& LGBT+ people in general. These people clearly need therapy, wont do it, and use politics as their outlet instead. Its really weirdIf Republicans are mad they cant date me they can just say that instead of projecting their sexual frustrations onto my boyfriends feet. Ya creepy weirdosId also be happy to share some notes from @GovKathyHochuls work in NY since he seems to be in need of tips!Hasnt Gov. DeSantis been inexplicably missing for like 2 weeks? If hes around, I would be happy to say hello. His social media team seems to have been posting old photos for weeks. In the meantime, perhaps I could help with local organizing. Folks are quite receptive here :)Sometimes, in a quiet or difficult moment, Harry Reid would reach out. It was like he knew. His counsel, encouragement, kindness, and generosity was so deeply moving. It was sincere. And I will never forget it. Thank you, Senator Reid. Wishing peace and strength to his family.@Corpse_Husband With the sriracha sauce thoughProtip: Do not do thisI truly will never adjust to how normal it is in our country to completely dehumanize people once they fall below a certain income. This is a fmr police commissioner talking about ppl like furniture or animals when his job ostensibly was to protect them too. Telling on himself.Its truly frustrating that Dems & GOP alike water this down into some non-evidence based electoral boogey monster. Nobody wants to live with these conditions, yet nobody wants to challenge the systems and decisions creating them. Dont complain if you want more of the same $.Also, why should working people be subjected to this?  1. Homeless people often ARE working people, veterans, and/or disabled 2. Why should THESE folks be subjected to unnecessary homelessness in one of the richest cities in the world where 1000s of apartments are vacant?Of course theyre frustrated. Its not policings job or purpose to address housing, provide healthcare or counseling, or solve the reasons people sleep on the subway. Maybe if we shifted some of that $11B/year spent on robo dogs to housing services we could get somewhere.@thefawz @kausartheperson Ummmm this sounds amazing. Chaiquito!Okay, lets see what everybodys got. Drop the best coquito recipe you know@WalterTheWhites You should be! Thank you!@jeremystamper56 Whatever it takes@dangallo23 Love it@sirclinksalotThis is the second time in a few hours Ive heard of daughters being the ones to get their dads to take the shot. warms my heart@NYTWA@KahliefAdams Thank you so much! Were planning to do more on Twitch soon so lets talkThank you! Next step: cancellationADELANTE@mcbyrne @Grace4NY Thanks for tagging - @hannahdreier do you happen to know what area/neighborhood of Queens Mr. Liu is from? Weve worked with FEMA to address this exact issue and have helped many people w/ similar cases find a resolution. Happy to engage or team up with @Grace4NY to helpInstead of clickbait with guns in front of Christmas trees, we decided to actually tell you what we accomplished for the community and country this year.  Heres our 21 wins for 2021Were back-back-back again! Despite the challenges, weve accomplished so much together over the past year. Thank you to EVERYONE who zoomed, taught, organized, and built community with us. Without further ado: 21 wins for 2021. Want to join for 22?We can change decisions and conditions. We just did with the idea of sending out millions of free at-home COVID tests - initially laughed at, yet now its happening. We can do it again. Tens of millions will get relief. Its time for @POTUS to #CancelStudentDebt.Biden needs to lean on his executive authority now. He has been delaying and underutilizing it so far. There is an enormous amount he can do on climate, student debt, immigration, cannabis, health care, and more. Time is running out - we need to move and use alternative paths.When we suggested this months ago, people were outraged, accused us of insulting peoples character, called us disruptive, etc Capitol Hill is full of folks who convince themselves theyre 3 steps ahead by rationalizing to themselves why the obvious isnt true. A hustlers dreamWith BBB delayed, Child Tax Credits will expire and student loans will restart within a matter of weeks. Working families could lose thousands of $/mo just as prices are rising. That alone is reason for @POTUS to act on student loans ASAP - w/ either moratorium or cancellation.@fred_guttenberg @Morning_Joe Thank you Fred and likewise. We all will disagree at some point or another, its healthy and normal when we all have similar goals and different ways to get there. Heres to making more common ground in the future.YupFelicidades, @gabrielboric!The fact that Biden has the power to provide student debt relief to millions, had to be forced into extending the eviction moratorium,& has yet to aggressively campaign against the filibuster shows us he has more power than hes using.  Its time to take off the gloves & govern.100% agree. The Senate must reconvene immediately and bring BBB to a vote regardless of Manchins statement.  If they forced folks to go on record with BIF, they can force the Senate to go on record with BBB. We can take it up again next year too. @AyannaPressley is right on.That part@jaytay777 No, thankfully it doesnt have to pass House again next year. House terms are 2 years, so anything the House passed in 2021 can be picked up by the Senate through 22. When a new House is sworn in after the midterms (Jan 23) is when bills must be reintroduced & voted on againBut if that not the case rules-wise, then we arent docked a recon slot but what we do lose is very precious and critical time to pass one last recon bill before the midterms Either way,midterms-wise much of that is moot if we dont break filibuster to pass voting rights ASAP@ncweaver Even if you could get 10 Republicans, the problem as I explained above is that there is only 1 vote allowed left this year per Senate rules. Its not a political problem, its a procedure/rules problem.Thats also why passing this before the new year was/is so important - delaying could cost us a major item in the Presidents agenda next yr. Unless we break the filibuster. In that case, it could still cost us a recon slot but at least lets us move on voting rights +other itemsIf we only get 2 recon bills per year, and BBB was supposed to be the 2nd recon of 2021, does pushing roll it over or does the Senate clock restart in 22, BBB is erased as the 2nd 2021 bill, & Dems now only have 2 swings left instead of 3? Likely the latter but not confirmedWhat makes the choice to push even more harmful (potentially) is that if BBB gets pushed to next year, it raises the question if that decision effectively erases 1 of Bidens 4 chances to pass major legislation before the midterms barring action on filibuster -Many folks bring this up,& its not a bad idea. The problem is that due to the filibuster, we cant vote on items individually. For the most part, the only major leg Senate can pass w/ 51 votes are reconciliation bills. We only get 2 per year. 1st was Rescue Plan, only 1 leftWe, as always, are here to fight for this agenda. What matters most to us is that it gets done. But we cannot just shrug our shoulders and accept this as some Charlie Brown moment. Our entire democracy is on the line. So we need to get back in there & get this sh*t done. PeriodPeople can be mad at Manchin all they want, but we knew he would do this months ago. Where we need answers from are the leaders who promised a path on BBB if BIF passed: Biden & Dem leaders. *They* chose to move BIF alone instead of w/ BBB, not Manchin. So they need to fix it.Some of us dont have the luxury of giving up. We serve working, middle class, & poor people. We serve everyday workers getting ripped off & immigrants & Black communities & queer kids needing shelter. We will not walk away from them. And leadership cant walk from them either.To every member who brought up Manchin, they personally promised they had a solution & BBB would pass. It is simply not an option for Dem leaders to walk from BBB, voting rights, etc. They must find a way, just as they promised they would when we raised this inevitabilityEither way, we cannot accept no for an answer. Dem leadership - incl but not limited to the President himself and House Dem leadership - wrote a massive check on their credibility the night of the BIF vote in order to secure the votes they needed, *promising* passage of BBBWhen a handful of us in the House warned this would happen if Dem leaders gave Manchin everything he wanted 1st by moving BIF before BBB instead of passing together, many ridiculed our position. Maybe theyll believe us next time. Or maybe people will just keep calling us nave.Ppl rag on Congress salary &its easy to score political points on it, but many dont know it requires paying 2 rents, cant deduct work costs, etc Result is grand gestures to tout that they/staff arent getting COLA adjustments, but then trading stock to make up for it -worse!Whats worse is that many who engage in these practices publicly tout not approving cost of living or MRA increases in the leg branch as a way of claiming fiscal responsibility, yet compensate by engaging in this highly questionable trading. It incentivizes this bad behaviorThere is no reason members of Congress should hold and trade individual stock when we write major policy and have access to sensitive information. There are many ways members can invest w/o creating actual or appeared conflict of interest,like thrift savings plans or index fundsGood thing the Parliamentarians guidance here is non binding! Its just guidance. The Senate can still include a path to citizenship in BBB and call a vote on it, which is why we have called on them to do so.Fact is when Dem leadership is really, truly set on something, they use a huge amount of procedural, political, media, & resource tools to force votes in very powerful ways. They do it all the time. They did it with BIF, they do it with defense, now they need to do it with BBB.Leadership forces votes all the time.  Bc they know ppl talkabt what theyll support until its vote time The pressure of voting no+ folks@home seeing IS overwhelming. They even force unnecessary standalone votes like the extra Iron Dome $,which actually belongs in Defense $To secure votes for the Bipar Infra Bill, Biden *himself* came to House Progressives & told us was putting his credibility on the line to deliver BBB if CPC voted BIF. They trusted him. I didnt think he could promise the Senate. He promised anyway. Its time for him to deliver.People want to but Manchin everyone to death, but learned helplessness is not a disposition that inspires confidence or support. The President has tools at his disposal. Leadership has tools at their disposal. If it really is just 1-2 votes, Senate should force a vote on BBBIt is actually delusional to believe Dems can get re-elected without acting on filibuster or student debt, Biden breaking his BBB promise, letting CTC lapse, 0 path to citizenship, etc Esp when they run from convos abt race+culture (which is what 1/6 was abt) We need to act nowIs the filibuster worth civil & human rights violations, Senate Dems? The answer is no.Reason #235 why Bipartisanship in & of itself is not a virtue: Handful of Dems joined w/ Republicans to block intelligence agencies from widely agreed upon oversight standards  They did this even though intel communities themselves asked us for this after the Trump admin!Hell yeah! Nothing like the smell of union coffee in the morning  Congrats to @SBWorkersUnited in Buffalo for making the first unionized Starbucks in the US! When we visited last month, workers shared the immense pressure they were under. Proud of them for pulling through.When you pose in front of a Christmas Tree and can name all those guns but cant name the gifts of the Wise MenTell me again where Christ said use the commemoration of my birth to flex violent weapons for personal political gain? lol @ all the years Republicans spent on cultural hysteria of society erasing Christmas and its meaning when theyre doing that fine all on their ownIt is absolutely ludicrous that members of Congress can hold and trade individual stock while in office.  The access and influence we have should be exercised for the public interest, not our profit. It shouldnt be legal for us to trade individual stock with the info we have.@FredTJoseph@AyannaPressley GoalsThis is the same person who live tweeted the Speakers location on Jan 6th knowing that violent white supremacists were searching for her. She has demonstrated a pattern of creating conditions for the people around her to get hurt, without remorse. And she could do so again.Its a pretty simple question: does the House accept violent Islamophobia or not? We should feel ashamed every time @IlhanMN or anyone is forced to defend themselves against threats in their workplace alone bc the institutions they serve in wont protect them. Its messed up.Its embarrassing that there is any hesitation on this. How can we have different consequences for different kinds of bigotry or incitement? This should be treated equally and consistently. Incite against a member and youre stripped. End of story. She refuses to even apologize.@MariahCarey omg.Ah yes, the right wing: forcing people to give birth against their will while advancing policies that made the US have the highest maternal mortality in the developed world. Then for after birth, they work to stop paid leave policy No wonder they need voter suppression to win@dscc  END THE FILIBUSTER AND DO YOUR JOB~28 million people in the US are uninsured. Subsidizing insurance companies doesnt help them, & making people hassle w/ insurance for a test cuts against the goal of frequent testing. UK offers COVID tests free & in other countries tests are ~$5 or less. We can do better. #M4AOut of 9 justices, 3 were appointed by a man who tried to overthrow the US government (& elected via minority). Those 3 will decide whether the US will legalize forcing people to give birth against their will. Legitimacy requires consent of the governed. They are dismantling itReminder that Brett Kavanaugh *still* remains credibly accused of sexual assault on multiple accounts w/ corroborated details & this year the FBI admitted it never fully investigated. Yet the court is letting him decide on whether to legalize forced birth in the US. No recusal.Its not just about nasty phone calls and e-mails. GOP are given freedom to incite without consequence. They dont have to pay for the security required from their acts- we do. They make money off it. &They are targeting those least likely to be institutionally protected first.While people toss out clichs like we condemn all forms of racism & bigotry, the fact is Islamophobia is far too often tolerated and ignored. Bigotry is not made unacceptable by what one says about it, its made acceptable based on whether there are consequences for it or not.People truly dont understand the scale, intensity, & volume of threats targeting @IlhanMN. Kevin McCarthy is so desperate to be speaker that he is working with his Ku Klux Klan caucus to look aside & allow violent targeting of woc members of Congress. This cannot be ignored.This comes just one day after @GOPLeader announced his intent to reward white supremacist members of Congress who incite violence. Same party who just appointed 200+ judges, many unqualified, to federal courts- 70% of whom were white men. And thats just scratching the surface.What we are witnessing is a system functioning as designed and protecting those it was designed for. My heart still breaks for the communities and families whose grief now compounds, and the countless others who will be denied and deprived in similar scenes across the country.What did we just pass in #BuildBackBetter? Universal Pre-K  Lower US Climate Emissions  Medicare + Hearing Some of Team AOCs Inclusions: High Speed Rail + Transit Creation of Civilian Climate Corps (300k jobs!) NYCHA Repair+ Faircloth Repeal@JaredHuffman I can confirmFun fact: it only has pictures in itThank you @GOPLeader McCarthy for publicly confirming your desire to reward neo-nazi members of Congress who incite violence against women under GOP leadership! I appreciate your clarity. And predictability. Thank you for no longer pretending to distance your caucus from this@kekeisspeaking Check your credit report. If it has been reporting as delinquent on your credit score then call my office (if I am your rep). If its not reporting as such, then it could just be a website glitch. If this problem is widespread/systemic then it requires accountability@freedlander@EricMGarcia @IncaKolaUSA @CarlosLozadaWP Kola Champagne is Puerto Rican - Inca Kola, while very similar, is a different brand@freedlander Constituents have informed me that we can actually find Irn Bru here at home at the Woodside Grocery! Its kind of like Kola Champagne with a dash of bittersTalk about Scottish hospitality!  Thank you for the (very special) delivery, Madam First Minister @NicolaSturgeon - and for taking the time to speak with us todaySee, the thing about me is that I will % bulldog back a bully. Ask any Republican I serve on a committee with - when I was first elected, they tried to harp on me and I absolutely handed it to them. Now they dont.  Plus its true-Gosar has nothing but tumbleweeds up there.I finally got a hold of some Irn-Bru at #COP26!This is happening across the board and I dont know what else the Senate needs in order to understand that saving our democracy is more valuable than preserving their little rules loophole created by accident, which is what the filibuster is@EdMarkey Thanks Ed youre a wonderful friend.You can cut down all the flowers, but you cannot stop the coming of Spring. - NerudaPodrn cortar todas las flores, pero no podrn detener la primavera.This dude is a just a collection of wet toothpicks anyway.  White supremacy is for extremely fragile people &sad men like him, whose self concept relies on the myth that he was born superior because deep down he knows he couldnt open a pickle jar or read a whole book by himselfAnyways, back to businessRemember when Yoho accosted me on the the Capitol and called me a fing b Remember when Greene ran after me a few months ago screaming and reaching Remember when she stalked my office the 1st time w/ insurrectionists & ppl locked inside All at my job & nothing ever happensSo while I was en route to Glasgow, a creepy member I work with who fundraises for Neo-Nazi groups shared a fantasy video of him killing me And hell face no consequences bc @GOPLeader cheers him on with excuses. Fun Monday! Well, back to work bc institutions dont protect wocPeople think Fox News is just about indoctrinating right-wingers, but its also about conditioning Dems on what to run away from. Framing racial justice as controversial is key to delaying the protection of voting rights (& others) until its too late. We shouldnt indulge it.Woke is a term pundits are now using as a derogatory euphemism for civil rights & justice. Making up a woke problem results in putting civil & voting rights on the backburner. In a year state legislatures are planning out GOP majorities & voter suppression, thats dangerousOne dangerous aspect of thinking theres a woke problem is that Dem chances for re-election or majorities in House, Senate, & WH rely on the racial justice issue of voting rights. Dems distancing from racial justice makes protection of voting rights less likely,ensuring losses@saschasegan @ThesillyDane It was on the table - passing both this weekWe can and should message BIF as a step, but messaging it as a solution alone is going to get us into trouble. BBB contains the majority of the presidents agenda. We must keep going and ensure the promises are deliveredIts not just that we made these promises before - look at how the infra bill is being messaged *now* I respect the President and the leg feat he just accomplished. But this is simply wrong. We did not fund the replacement of every childs pipe & we shouldnt tell people we didI want to protect our party from the disappointment and collapse in turnout from communities like mine that occurs when we tell them we did things we didnt do. We shouldnt promise all lead pipes will be fixed if that is not the case. Some will, most wont. We must push for BBBThe cost to replace every lead pipe in the United States is $45-60 billion. BIF only gives $15b. Without BBB, many communities historically denied clean water will continue to be denied. Build Back Better has lead $ for disadvantaged communities. We must keep pushing for BBB.The reason platitudes like this are insulting is bc they are exclusively employed to deny the working class, poc, and youths basic demands for livability. Like affordable rx drugs No one says this to the safe-seat Dems who derailed climate action & healthcare over a CBO tableFor people who say dont let the perfect be the enemy of the good to pass legislation, consider why no one tells that to the Dems who killed passage of Rx drug pricing and Universal Pre-K this week over small process demands from safe Dem seats in places like NY and Hawaii.@CalderTheArtist No. The only other option is for the President to sign some climate EOs, but that neither picks the lock nor replaces the key and the option itself is uncertain- the Supreme Court is hearing cases (from WV oil!) to strip Bidens ability to act via the EPA.If BBB isnt delivered w/ BIFs oil & gas locked in, were in trouble. That is what makes it a huge gamble. So again, we need pressure to deliver the promise on BBB For anyone middle age & younger lets hope this aint Kyoto all over again cause were going live w/ the outcomeThe desire to pass both together isnt the unnuanced stance some pundits think it is. BIF has a lot of bad stuff in it - thats how they got GOP votes. It ALSO has a lot of good stuff in it- what youre hearing on TV. Passing BBB unlocks BIFs climate goods so the good prevailsOn the issue of climate, think of BIF as a lock and BBB as the key  Locks only open with keys. BIF climate benefits ONLY unlock with BBBs provisions. If we msg BIF as good on climate alone when its not, we stop the pressure for BBBs passage. Do not let this happenOn Mon/Tues, we were set to pass both bills. The oil and gas lobby was working OVERTIME this week to kill the methane fees in BBB to ensure it didnt pass with BIF So for the sake of the planet and everyone younger than a baby boomer lets pray that leadership delivers their IOU2. Political - there were many, many promises made to get to Fridays passage. Promises from mod Dems, House leadership, and the President himself. If those promises do not get fulfilled, it will make future passage of anything much more difficult. BIF will look like a cakewalkThe elevated stakes are not just policy, but political. 1. Policy- Passing BIF without BBB is a huge gamble. People will point to pro-climate investments in BIF, but the oil & gas giveaways wipe out its progress to 0 or risk worse emissions. Passing BBB unlocks BIF climate perksYes. BIF+BBB are not written as 2 distinct bills, but interlocking policy. BIFs climate benefits only unlock if BBB passes. If BBB gutted/dies, we may have just locked in US emissions &thrown away our biggest chance to combat climate change. Stakes are now higher on BBB passing@chrislhayes Congratulations, shes beautiful! Protip: Take her to Orchard Beach (or almost any NYC beach)! Many are open to dogs in the off-season, Oct 1st-May 20th. Deco LOVES it and its a great outlet for puppy energy. We are winter beach people now because of Deco and its great@ItsTanbirC @biancagguerrero The handful of NOs can in part act as an accountability mechanism. Many promises were made and pressure is now elevated to deliver on them. If promises arent delivered it will risk future trust breakdown & make future votes even harder. So lets hope thats enough stakes for BBB@ItsTanbirC @biancagguerrero Methane lobby (among others Im sure) was exerting a LOT of pressure against BBB, trying to delay + reopen for changes. I am very concerned we just locked in US emissions if BBB isnt delivered. That said there are still incentives to pass BBB, but if gutted our future is at risk@ItsTanbirC @biancagguerrero Chances are lower now, but still exist. Earlier we were set to pass both BIF + BBB this week. Now we dont know. Some may think these are 2 totally different bills, but they are drafted to be interlocking. Many BIF climate benefits only unlock if BBB passes. Stakes are very high@biancagguerrero I got youWelcome to Whos a Deficit Hawk Anyway?, where the debt concerns are made up and the CBO scores dont matterCant wait for the full on slammed news cycle about how conservative Dems held up Bidens bill the week of the elections for sudden demands for CBO scores and tax cuts for people with $1 million+ incomes wont hold my breath for it thoughAnd before people disingenuously complain woke is denigrating to older people, its actually pundits like Carville using terms like woke to insult voters under 45 thats denigrating. Dont wonder why youth turnout falls when Dems talk about them like this. We need everyone.Like the average audience for people seriously using the word woke in a 2021 political discussion are James Carville and Fox News pundits so that should tell you all you need to knowHow can news outlets even attribute words to me I didnt say? I said there are limits to trying to mobilize a campaign with a 100% moderate strategy without mobilizing the base. Said nothing abt wokeness which is a term almost exclusively used by older people these days btwBoom!!@maxeverett11 Yes. I am not one to attribute voting shifts entirely to one thing, but this is a huge factor.So for all the English-only pundits out there who want to wax ideological poetic about Latino polling numbers, please understand that whats happening now is way beyond a scale most English-only speakers can see. WaPo reported on it few days ago:Ive said it before and Im saying it again: Spanish-language misinformation campaigns are absolutely exploding on social media platforms like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc. Its putting US English misinfo campaigns to shame. & they arent getting disclaimers the way English posts do.Anyways next time people say we dont have money for basic services, know its disingenuous. I would respect it (even if I disagreed) if those people were consistent, but they are the same ones pushing military spending sprees and corporate giveaways every damn time. Its grossLast year in CARES alone the corporate bailout was a leveraged value of $4 TRILLION, which is over 2x what were trying to invest in BBB over 10 years! I railed about it at the time and the right wing made a thing about it but I was pissed! Sorry languageAnd for folks saying we have inflation because we printed a bunch of money last year if you want to trim down needless spending in these bills to addressing inflationary issues, the answer isnt to cut basic benefits for people. Its to target the massive corporate giveaways.For people saying this is too out there, read this WSJ coverage. Women, low income workers, people of color are disproportionately represented in those not re-entering the labor force. There are reasons for that!My family is one of essential workers: school bus drivers, postal workers, cleaners, etc When childcare wasnt available, my family couldnt work - they stayed home. When childcare isnt universally available, it impacts the labor market. It can become a supply chain issue!I havent seen data yet if those anecdotes are indicative of a larger trend (& if so, how large), but the point still stands. Like many working class Latino families,my grandma lived with us growing up and cared for me as my parents worked. Until she moved in, my mom stayed homeYou can see this in the issue of wages. You will sometimes hear stories of a place claiming to have raised wages but still having trouble keeping people. Well, when a pandemic devastated intergenerational families of workers and theres no childcare, people cant go back to workWhen people drop out of the workforce, its a pretty complicated & expensive endeavor to get them back. The reason is bc unlike physical supply chain issues where problems are a bit more straightforward (not saying easy, but more clear), labor supply issues can be more complex.Conservatives argue against raising wages by claiming itll raise prices. But that isnt reliably supported w historic data. However, what were seeing now is perhaps an ex. of prices rising when wages/benefits are *too low*- not enough workers, hurts supply chain, prices hike.If you are worried about inflation, its important to understand why its happening: supply chain, labor, and healthcare complications. We can address these issues by investing in infrastructure, wages, healthcare &benefits. AKA signing BBB/BIF into law as absolute, bare minimum@BrandonRichards @LizziUlmer @SourPatchKids The watermelon ones specifically!As I said, he needs to resignYou all bringing it down to the wire with a hunger strike and standing constantly + consistently with our drivers every day brought this victory home. Thank *you*Also at us producing and filming this 2 years ago and predicting labor shortages todayHappy to announce creation of a US Civilian Climate Corps is now in the Build Back Better Act. Estimated to create 300k+ public jobs w/ Dept of Labor + Americorps to combat the climate crisis & enviro injustices. We 1st outlined the vision for it here:Next time folks wonder why Im stubborn its because were constantly told our requests are impossible or unreasonable until we wind up accomplishing it anyway through hard work and organizing  When we organize people, the people win!2 years ago (clip below) we began our fight for justice & relief for NYC taxi drivers targeted in predatory medallion schemes. The plan was called nave, too expensive, & unfeasible. But we kept going: called hearings, ran numbers, organized. Today, @NYTWA drivers won.When we organize, we winThank you @SenJeffMerkley. This was the courageous and right thing to do.Union busting is a sophisticated & lucrative business. It specializes in the psychology of getting you to doubt yourself and your peers. Dont fall for it! Listen to these Starbucks workers explain their experiences since starting to unionize, including pressure from the top.Today is Election Day!  NY: We have a number of history-making City Council races on the ballot, @Indiawaltonbflo in Buffalo, and progressives across the state. Vote YES on ALL 5 ballot initiatives, which improve voting rights and establish the right to clean water & air.Today was our 4th Annual Community Halloween event and I finally got out of my last-minute cat ears rut! A little one did try to trick us out of some sweets thoughDay of action tomorrow to stand with drivers and #EndCabbieDebtMeta as in we are a cancer to democracy metastasizing into a global surveillance and propaganda machine for boosting authoritarian regimes and destroying civil society for profit!And there it is.@FunWithTeeth Hey there, this is awful and unacceptable. Can you contact my Congressional office? You can even call and leave a voicemail tonight so we can get back you ASAP tomorrowThere are so, so many details like these linking BIF & BBB. We cant just say oh theres X million for this! Does X million actually get it done or is it half a bridge? How many times has leg been rushed just for people to be resentful at details later? Lets do this right.So for those who like to call folks like me nave, immature, or that I dont know what Im doing- some of us actually read the text while others get hustled by spin. Details matter. On climate, theyre life+death. So to do my job, I need more than an IOU. Not too much to ask.Now for folks who say you need to compromise: to start, I do not support blue hydrogen. I am against expanding it. The compromise is allowing blue hydrogen w/ the drawdown provisions in BBB. Passing blue hydrogen alone without guaranteed drawdowns is not a compromise.Passing BIF w/o BBB makes our emissions & climate crisis worse. Sure, some BIF investments do good - but not enough, so it keeps us in the emissions red. As someone who actually has to live in the future being debated for us: BBB gives us a fighting chance. BIF alone buries us.You know where Blue hydrogen comes from? Fracked gas. Blue hydrogen has worse emissions than coal, locks in more powerful climate destruction than what were doing now. Blue is bad. (Grey too) Guess which one bipar bill finances? Blue. So we need to mitigate that BIF alone harmPeople will say oh look at all this money in climate - like hydrogen energy! Well, not all hydrogen is the same. The H sources matter. There are 3 kinds: blue, green, and grey. Green hydrogen is the good stuff: that hydrogen comes from water and helps us draw down emissions.Details matter. A lot of people dont know what the bipartisan bill consists of (despite text) and why its critical that Build Back Better be paired with it. Take climate. There is a LOT of oil and gas lobbyist spin about BIF, but deal is its climate negative. One example:@tiffany_caban were bringing it down to DC now tooAs we say back home: Queens Get The MoneyThank you to our community organizers & leadership on all levels incl @ZohranKMamdani, @SenGianaris, @jessicaramos, @tiffany_caban & @sunrisemvmtnyc, @DSAecosocialism, @PeakCoalition, @mvmtschool and so many others for helping pave the way to a cleaner, safer community for allMajor NY14 climate victory today!  Earlier this year, fossil fuel co NRG began to rush high-pollution, fracked-gas peaker plants into our community. We organized all year against it while securing wind + solar projects. Today the plant was denied. When we mobilize, we winNYC: Heavy rain is expected tonight and tomorrow. Quick tip to save a headache later: when walking around, check the grates near your home/building and clear off any leaves or debris.  It takes 5 minutes and can prevent major flooding. Call 311 if its badly blockedAny member of Congress who helped plot a terrorist attack on our nations capitol must be expelled. This was a terror attack. 138 injured, almost 10 dead. Those responsible remain a danger to our democracy, our country, and human life in the vicinity of our Capitol and beyond.The skirt is perfect #TaxTheRichSee you soon, Buffalo! Its time to early vote for @Indiawaltonbflo!Thank you for joining Team Walton, @SenSchumer!When youre in the struggle, it can be hard to see everything youve accomplished so far. What @NYTWA has done to fight for the lives of NYC cab drivers is nothing short of remarkable and inspiring. Now they are on a hunger strike to bring it home. Lets stand with themAnyways this one goes out to anyone in any workplace or setting who deep down knows they need to put in Olympic level effort just to be treated as equivalent to a junior varsity walk-on. I see you. Its not fun, but its real - and its not in your head. Keep shiningIts not imposter syndrome when institutions actually do treat you differently yet pretend they dont Its not imposter syndrome when institutions treat hardworking newcomers like invaders, yet normalize & accept deep corruption or incompetency from ppl were used to in powerIt never stops astounding me how much caution and work goes in every single day to get everything right, 2x as good, to avert even the perception of a mistake, bc if one happens its explosive. Just to look aside & know if you did anything close to what your peers do itd be overI wore a dress a month ago and people lost their minds in vitriol and attack. Meanwhile we have members fraudulently claiming positions to access confidential information, abusing campaign funds, and raking in big pharma cash while blocking leg and we just normalize it and shrugFeels like there are a zillion scandals a month Republicans get in that would result in my expulsion or sanction if I ever did the same I know its a tired thing to say, but over time its a bummer to experience how systematically an institution treats different peopleIts true Love ya to @BernieSanders, thank you for your friendship even though you may not see this and dont have apps on your phoneKudos to @NYCComptroller for crunching the numbers and laying out the plan and @NYCMayorsOffice for executing on itAnd while its important to note that market-based approaches alone will NOT solve the climate crisis (in fact they largely created it to begin w/), divestment mvmts help create the conditions & pressure necessary for even larger leaps. So theres your good news of the dayNYC is home to some of the largest pensions in the country. If other cities & states join,were talking major shifts for climate. And its not only pensions. Univ endowments can divest, too. Want to help? Ask your school or pension to divest from fossil fuels & into climateThats where workers come in to spark change. By demanding their retirements be divested of fossil fuels, workers and voters are precipitating large shifts of $ out of big oil, gas,etc. That amps up pressure & leaves companies like Exxon w/ fewer places to get fossil fuel money.I sit on the Financial Services Cmte & often see how Wall St leverages risky &/or unpopular investments onto public pensions, taking bets and setting up workers to hold the bag. As fossil fuels sink in popularity, pension funds have been an important source for fossil fuel $.Pension funds are massive pools of money that fund retirement for teachers, city workers, and other public employees. These funds invest throughout our economy, & the sheer size of pension plans in the US economy (~$5.5 trillion according to @PensionDialog) make them powerful.Actually good, major climate news: today New York City is announcing its public pensions are fully divesting out of the fossil fuel industry and into renewables & climate - a massive shift of about $50 billion.  This move is led by NYC workers. Heres why this is a big deal.@2AvSagas @boerumhillnbrs Respectfully, one of the biggest fights weve taken on in the infra bill has been pushing mass transit & rail (as well as green NYCHA $). Fed doesnt have the direct touch city/state does, but transit is critical! Addressing the messed up LGA Airtrain plan has been big tooMajor climate announcement incoming and its actually good@chrislhayes One thing I was shocked by here is that one outlet that regularly asks substantive questions for peoples understanding is (wait for it) TMZ of all places. They have to ask questions for a broader audience so its more what does this mean for us instead ofwho scored a point@chrislhayes Its Beltway Brain. Lots of political press spend their time covering the days gossip & maneuvering w/ a number tossed in at the expense of covering impact. Meanwhile 1/2 of these outlets are like sponsored by big oil & pharma! Todays guest editor is a right-wing YouTuber.Sorry the audio doesnt sync up but my IG always distorts that way when I try to download my stories idk whats up with thatIts been a minute since I did one of these. Follow along for a day in the life as we welcome First Lady @DrBiden to the Bronx (PS83!) to engage teachers and staff, prep for hearings, do laundry, & stream w/ Bernie. Whew! Now to get ready for tomorrowLive in 1 hour! Join us atThatll fix itYou know the drill: right before election time is all hands on deck. If youre in Buffalo, can you bring a few friends to the rally? If youre not in Buffalo, can you pitch in ONE phonebanking shift to elect @Indiawaltonbflo? Sign up hereAre you all ready to RALLY for @Indiawaltonbflo?  Join our Early Vote Rally THIS Saturday to support our Dem nominee for Mayor, India Walton! Weve got it all: - Early vote rally - Phonebanking to help virtually - A few friends  Itll be a party:BadassTo have a strong Dem Party, we must have state parties that are truly democratic and operate w/ integrity. Its not just his pattern of attacks. Jacobs, as Chair, is undermining the Dem party practice of uniting behind the nominee to protect his predecessor. % disqualifying.As a federally elected official in the NY Dem party, I have 0 confidence in Jay Jacobs ability to lead an NY Dem party that is inclusive & respectful of all. This is just his latest incident. Jacobs is a toxic presence in the party and his continued post as Chair is shameful.Jay Jacobs absolutely should resign over his disgusting comments comparing a Black single mother who won a historic election to David Duke. India Walton is the Democratic nominee for Mayor of Buffalo. No amount of racist misogyny from the old boys club is going to change that.Its 2021. You dont have to put corporate lobbyists over people to legislate, fundraise, and win.  Its insulting to tell everyday people who worked tirelessly for a majority that they must suffer insane drug prices,no voting rights,& climate disaster for political convenience.You also show the world what political campaigning can look like beyond stuffed mailboxes and scary TV ads. It is mutual aid, organizing trainings, workshops, volunteer tutoring, and more. Thank you. If you havent yet, check it out. community is here:I want to take a moment to thank every person who contributes to our campaign, whether with your small dollars, time, or spirit. Not only are you why we can do this work, but you also prove that we can elect and support people to Congress free of dark money & corporate lobbyistsThis issue is bigger than ideology. It is a moral imperative for humanity and our planets future to reduce and eventually eliminate emissions. There are many ways to do it, but we cant afford to give up. Biden admin is already backing too many pipelines - we need clean energy.The math we need to do is not just dollars and cents, but emissions reductions + projections. Any negotiations on climate need to ensure that we will come out climate positive. And that emissions math cannot be informed by fossil fuel lobbyists, who dont even count methane.We cannot advance legislation that makes the climate crisis worse. The Exxon-designed bipartisan infrastructure plan worsens emissions, but pairing it w/clean energy in Build Back Better neutralizes BIFs harm and lets us tackle the climate crisis. We cannot afford to gut it.I still cant believe I got to do this convo will be out 10/31 on @PBS / @theLFshowAnd by the way, free time is VALUABLE. People pay for time routinely, whether its in delivery, services, etc. Its not lazy to stay home w family- it can lower costs. 700k+ people in the US have died of COVID so far. Do people think that has no impact on labor supply/ capacity?Quitting being UI ineligible aside, the idea that laziness is why ppl stay home contradicts the free market ideals these folks pretend to champion. Markets apply to labor, too. If supply is low & demand high, price goes up. People seem to accept that for everything but wages.Yall already did over a month ago despite everyone having data that ending UI doesnt push people back to work. Conservatives love to act like theyre fiscally savvy yet remain puzzled as to why people cant work a job whose pay wont even cover the childcare costs to workTheres a reason white supremacy attacks history. Opposition to teaching bigotrys history and where it leads- from the slave trade to the Holocaust - is about erasing societys tools to recognize prejudice & prevent atrocity. Holocaust denial has no place in our society. None.To expand on my first tweet: the @IATSE strike also includes post-production workers as well. Shout out to @MPEG700@jconguy @IATSE @UAW @BCTGM @MPEG700 Thanks for including! Ill add a note since the twitter character count was so squeezed on the 1st oneHow can you help? 1. Follow the example of this truck driver: if your work would ordinarily have you cross where a picket line has started, dont! Solidarity is a virtue. 2. Support a strike fund 3. Amplify the strike and the workers message to their company or industry#Striketober coming in hot  After years of being underserved and taken for granted - & doubly so during the pandemic - workers are starting to authorize strikes across the country: from @IATSE production workers to @UAW John Deere & @BCTGM Kellogg workers,& many more. Good.@ninaturner Thank you!@JamaalBowmanNY Thank you brother@RepBarbaraLee @GettyImages Thank you to the ! Always grateful for the grace and generosity of your guidance@RashidaTlaibThank you all for the birthday wishes!  Any advice for ones 30s? Its been a pandemic almost the whole time so far, so belated advice appreciated@sofirochi @FordhamLawNYC The honor was all mine. Thank you for being there and connecting with people inside. There is so much to do, but as long as there are people like you who continue to bear witness and serve, we will make progress. Thank you!Happy Indigenous Peoples Day! Taking today to reflect on our Tano and Arawak ancestors. Their existence is reflected in words we use today like Hurricane (juracn), Barbecue (barbacoa), & Yuca, which come from Tano language Drop any fave books, info, or resources belowAh yes, the Conservative Dem position: You can either feed your kid, recover from your c-section, or have childcare so you can go to work - but not all three. All 3 makes you entitled and lazy. But fossil fuel $, keeping Rx prices high,& not taxing Wall St are non-negotiableHealthcare is not an entitlement to be earned. It is a human right.The media focus on hazy topline numbers is a gift favoring the tiny # of holdouts. It lets them get away w/ saying oh I want X trillion, not Y instead of actual positions- cut childcare or I want to block making Rx drugs affordable People should know what they want to gutRoar! NY Public Library lovers, weve got GREAT news: Late fees are a thing of the past! Any late fees youve owed are gone, and youll never get another one again. If youve lost or damaged a book, just chip in the replacement fee and get back to borrowing. Happy reading!If Facebooks monopolistic behavior was checked back when it shouldve been (perhaps around the time it started acquiring competitors like Instagram), the continents of people who depend on WhatsApp & IG for either communication or commerce would be fine right now. Break them up.Its almost as if Facebooks monopolistic mission to either own, copy, or destroy any competing platform has incredibly destructive effects on free society and democracy  Remember: WhatsApp wasnt created by Facebook. It was an independent success. FB got scared & bought it4 day workweek baby! @RepMarkTakanos got a bill for thatFULL support and solidarity to @IATSE workers in their vote to authorize a strike. 90% turnout with 98% voting yes is an incredible accomplishment. Its exactly the kind of mass-movement organizing we need right now. May your example inspire others! Stay strong were with youIll start: Heres a great story about the rise in worker coops across the US during the pandemic and the increased popularity of workplace democracy:In observance of Facebook being down, lets all share our favorite stories of democracy working in hopeful ways and coolest evidence-based reporting. Bonus points for uplifting others in commentsI dont know who needs to hear this, but a $1T bill = $100 billion/year. Thats the annual budget for NYC alone, but spread thin for everyone in the US. Do you think thats enough to be impactful? To be widely felt in peoples lives? Its not. Sufficiency is the bare minimum.$350b means we slashed down to tuition-free community college & pre-k, keeping Medicare age but add vision & dental, housing and EV investment, clean energy standards. Far less than what we wanted, still impactful. Slash that by 2/3 and people will hardly feel we passed anythingYup. $350 billion per year for the entire country on infrastructure, climate, healthcare, etc is far, far below what wed invest. What we actually wanted is tuition-free state schools, lowering Medicare age,& Green New Deal-scale investments like national high speed rail/maglev.for the record my twitter and instagram are 100% my fault. Staff help w/ other platforms100%Moderates make up a sizeable chunk of the party. The 4% of members threatening the full agenda of a moderate president are not moderates.  How would you describe these demands: Fossil fuel subsidies, protect the rich from taxes, keep prescription drug prices high? Conservative!Yep. Means testing = more bureaucracy, red tape, & waste. Thats why programs where means testing gets implemented are less popular, not more popular. Its also why many people who are eligible for means-tested programs still dont get healthcare or help at all - its too hard.There really isnt anything maverick, innovative, or renegade about being a politician that works with corporate lobbyists to protect the rich, short-shrift working families, and preserve the status quo. Its literally one the most conventional ways to navigate politics.@raosameer97@MattBruenig Yep. 100% what my family and many others experiencedSidenote but I have introd legislation to direct the US government to reformulate the US poverty calculation to reflect real life. There are challenges to this, some political - an accurate measure means poverty line/pop will jump & that has implicationsThis means there are likely a LOT more poor people in the US than we admit. Policymakers know this, so they try to compensate by drafting some federal policies at 150% of the fed poverty line, etc. But when the measure is SO nonsensical, even 150% of pov line has little basisEven if youre a person that fully believes in means testing, the US doesnt even measure poverty accurately to use for a means test. The US measures poverty at 3x the cost of min food diet, assumes worker has stay at home spouse for childcare, and doesnt factor cost of living.With upcoming midterms, we cant afford to lose the plot. This is still the same GOP that attempted to usurp the presidential election & collaborated w/ white supremacists to attack the US Capitol. Protecting voting rights & mobilizing everybody - not just suburbs - is crucialAlso I dont see how it makes sense to frame this infra bill as the #1 determinant of the midterms when the same slow-walkers here are halting voting rights. Could pass the best bill ever & its all a wash if Black & underserved voters are systematically disenfranchised next yr.Many newer moderates won on pledges of rejecting corporate PACs. Its a progressive value that went mainstream bc no matter your views, most people dislike big money in politics. Thats also why framing this as mod vs prog is inaccurate - its a much smaller group stonewallingTHAT kind of conversation helps YOU as a normal person understand & bring you in the same convos that we as your Reps are having as we negotiate.  That empowers you to give your input. & THAT is of so much more service to you than discussing optics or political beefs or whateverThats why its so important to discuss this not just in numbers, but in changes to the leg. Lets say we bring down $3.5T. We can do that by taxing the rich to offset, cutting universal pre-k, or shortening the funding time. All can bring outlay down. Which one do you prefer?Additionally, changes to a topline number isnt necessarily shorthand for a conservative or progressive policy either. Ex: Theres a world where a bigger number over longer time could be a conservative win, or a smaller number over shorter time could be a progressive win.Or not!& I suspect it may also be why you see media reflexively centering coverage of these bills on a number instead of whats actually in them. The thing is, 1 number doesnt tell you anything. It doesnt help you as a normal person understand at ALL how your life could improve.&that is jarring to both a culture built on corporate lobbying & media struggling to cover this well. Thats why you see knot-twisting headlines attempting to frame a caucus of ~100 members as the problem instead of the conservative handful blocking votes w/ inconsistent demands-The reason a lot of DC insiders are freaking out is bc starting in 16/18, people started to vote en masse for members who reject corporate $. Those victories built over time. & while big money still has the upper hand (for now), lobbyists cant dictate the way theyre used to-You dont have to take my word for it, either. This was a widely reported thing that one can google in 5 seconds.The Speaker didnt break any promises. The arbitrary date 9 people insisted on was in the Aug rule vote to proceed on a $3.5T bill. That bound $3.5T w/ Sept date. Challenging $3.5 also challenged their date. Thats ok! Right &gt; rushed. We can still Build Back Better together!Photo & reporting via @AstoriapostNYC:Its not about the number, its about impact. These are our conditions in NYCHA. No winter heat, black mold, kids poisoned by lead. Politics-as-usual makes communities like mine politically disposable. We can do it later does nothing for them. They deserve details & answers.@RashidaTlaibEver notice how deficit hawks vote for record-high defense spending, yet claim bills that help people & challenge lobbyists are too much? 22 Defense Bill = $768 billion/yr Build Back Better = $350B/yr Guess which got rubber stamped & which gets deemed a spending problemCan I? Yes. Do I want to? No@LuciePohlComedy @RepAOC So glad our team could help wishing your family well and your dad a strong recovery in this tough time - thankful we could do our part.One under-discussed BIF aspect is the Senators pushing it demanded it be passed unaltered. As in: House passed its own infra bill & wasnt allowed to conference or even add amendments to BIF. Imagine if I demanded everyone + POTUS pass my bill w/0 input or change! Silly, right?Together indeed, @POTUS!  From Medicare expansion and universal pre-k to climate action and housing/infrastructure investment, we can truly accomplish all this and more when we join our priorities for the betterment of our country.  Its time to Build Back Better together.@MarkPocan @RepAOC All you for writing it, @MarkPocan! Thanks for trusting me to pinch hit for youUtterly shameful.@jonathanweisman ok, point taken. Its still true though!@lilpolicybae Awesome meeting you! Keeping going hermanitaThank you @CoriBush & @ewarren for leading the way on the Keeping Renters Safe Act.@laurenhtexas I (and many offices) use the ones on the right for signing lettersStationery squad, assemble! In an organized and pleasing fashion!None of this is new. Deal was struck months ago w/House, Sen, WH. Its how BIF was possible in the 1st place. If one members irrational demand tanks infrastructure, healthcare, & climate for the whole country then maybe thats the real entitlement reform we should be looking atIt was carefully negotiated over months that the only chance the bipartisan bill (BIF) has at passage is if it is voted alongside the Build Back Better Act. That is bc while BIF has some ok things, it also has a lot of bad things, & Build Back will die if BIF gets passed alone.Changing the terms of a deal after its done is what one does when trying to tank millions of peoples chances at healthcare, childcare, climate protection, & unions but hope press and public arent paying attn so they can evade responsibility and blame others. Dont fall for it!Some of the options are: - Ignore/override the parliamentarian. Their determination is not a ruling, it is guidance. - Fire the parliamentarian (GOP did this in 01) - Edit the legislative language & review different paths (this is sometimes doable, sometimes not)You know when someone doesnt want to do something, but they dont want people to know they dont want to do it, so they blame someone else?  Thats the parl for certain Dems who dont want a $15 wage, paths to citizenship for millions of Americans, etc. But we have options.Would you sign up for a job to get attacked by unvaccinated tourists for $15/hr? For no healthcare but max risk? Most wouldnt. CEOs lobbying to end PUA should try it. The pandemic has workers not only asking is it worth the pay? but also is this worth my health & safety?You cant force people to work a job that doesnt pay enough to live. This isnt hard. Whats the point in working a $7.25 or even $15/hr job if the childcare needed costs almost as much as ones paycheck?  Letting PUA expire was based on fantasy, not data. We must restore it.It doesnt matter if a Democrat or Republican is President, our immigration system is designed for cruelty towards and dehumanization of immigrants. Immigration should not be a crime, and its criminalization is a relatively recent invention. This is a stain on our country.Snacks and naps are toddler rightsI am open to taking a look at SALT and addressing concerns for families put under the squeeze in high cost of living areas. But a full 100% SALT repeal means major tax breaks for extremely high-net worth individuals and billionaires. Why do that?We should not endorse a full 100% repeal of SALT caps.  The influence of wealthy lobbyists is bipartisan, and its unsurprising that some of the same folks pushing 100% repeal were also the ones trying to derail the entire budget just a few weeks ago.The amendments also include one of several measures to crack down on program 1033, which allows US military to transfer weapons and military equipment to local police depts - including items like grenade launchers. We must stop the militarization of local police departments.In this years NDAA, Ive introd 7 amendments, including blocking specific US weapons transactions to: - Saudi gov over the murder of Jamal Khashoggi - Colombia gov over its violent crackdown on protesters,& - Israeli gov over the bombing of Palestinian civilians, media centersFirst its people inspired by our slanted text logo and now its this so long as it inspires the policy too! #GreenNewDealThere were several reasons I refused to stay in the secure location on the 6th. This was one of them. Few people want to discuss the reality and implications of this because its politically difficult, fraught, and unpopular, but its right there. And we need to talk about it.Femininity has the power to make the world talk. And if that is true, maybe it also has the power to make the world organize, vote, think critically and consider the well-being of their neighbors. - @MollyKCahill bringing this important convo into Catholic outlet @americamagCouldnt agree more. Taxing the rich will help us expand Medicare, extend childcare, take action on climate, and so much more. We have a precious opportunity right now in reconciliation with the Build Back Better Act, and we should use it.After a year where frontline workers were thrown into harms way (many w/o hazard pay or adequate healthcare) while billionaires hoarded another $4 TRILLION, members of both parties have tried to halt taxing the wealthiest in our society. Its unacceptable. We must Tax the Rich.This continues to be one of the most bizarre campaigns / uses of energy in Washington. Once again, Senate should vote NO on confirming Rahm Emanuel.And before haters get wild flying off the handle, New York elected officials are routinely invited to and attend the Met due to our responsibilities in overseeing and supporting the citys cultural institutions for the public. I was one of several in attendance in this evening.The medium is the message.@ZaraRahim Yep@ddayenImagine if every time someone referred to someone as young lady they were ask responded to by being addressed with their age and gender? Theyd be pretty upset if one responded with the old man, right? Why this kind of weird, patronizing behavior is so accepted is beyond me!In Washington, I usually know my questions of power are getting somewhere when the powerful stop referring to me as Congresswoman and start referring to me as young lady insteadBloopWild how many people - including the Supreme Court in gutting voting rights - have insisted that widespread racism was largely a societal problem of generations past when a majority of people in the US opposed interracial marriage up until around the time of Blues Clues & N*SYNC@JamaalBowmanNY lmaooo Im gonna submit one in your name@lynesewallace @CoriBush She and you both!Ah yes, because nothing says theres definitely no need to collectively organize for better working conditions here than mandatory anti-union meetings to keep your job #PassThePROActI know Republicans idea of disaster relief is flying to Cancun while the powers still out, but unlike that approach I actually give a damnThis week alone I worked w/ FEMA, Gov & @POTUS to make this one of the fastest FEMA responses in history, organized to connect 173k of my constituents to disaster grants, toured small businesses to assess damage, AND fought for LGBT+ justice. Dont be mad if you cant keep upWait - thats our communitys subway line!Another reason we shouldnt separate victims of rape from other abortions is bc forcing this disclosure from people is traumatizing +unnecessary. Most survivors dont report their assault. It can take years to even acknowledge what happened. People should get the care they need.By allowing any person to financially destroy pregnant people on a whim, they knowingly handed over the keys of manipulation & control to people most likely to use it. Dont let them feign ignorance about this. They know exactly what theyre doing. This is about fear & control.Still thinking about how @GovAbbotts message to survivors terrified of the bounties now on their heads is I will end rape. No, he wont. He & the GOP just gave abusers & coercive partners a powerful new tool to intimidate victims. These GOP laws HELP abusers, not stop them.Weve raised over $250,000 to Texas grassroots pro-choice organizers and healthcare providers so far.In fact, we also set up a corresponding website - proceeds go to abortion and reproductive health providers in Texas:Im so sorry Sarah Palin is mad at me! In fact, to address this I set up a special hotline just for herCalifornia: do not mess with this recall. We need folks to TURN IN THEIR BALLOTS. Vote NO and drop it in the mail tomorrow. Dont sleep on this. It takes 5 mins but its urgent. We have so much work to do already and a nightmare fuel recall election is the last thing we need.If @GovAbbott is as anti-rape as he claims, why doesnt he just lead the Texas state leg to pass a law for $10k bounties on people who engage in or aid sexual assault? Or is he opposed to that bc its a slippery slope of vigilantism where men could be unjustly targeted?Happy 80th birthday To @BernieSanders!  Thank you for all you do and showing so many of us that the path forward is in solidarity and collective struggle with one another. #NotMeUsA predictable, if not unfortunate, outcome. Clinging onto vestiges of power against the peoples will is kind of your /Trumps / the GOPs thing. When youre fired, dont let the fascist victim complex hit you on the way out.@LRichardhearted I am so happy you survived.Trans, two-spirit, and non-binary people have always existed and will always exist. People can stay mad about that if they want, or they can grow upNot just women! Trans men & non-binary people can also menstruate.  Some women also *dont* menstruate for many reasons, including surviving cancer that required a hysterectomy. GOP mad at this are protecting the patriarchal idea that women are most valuable as uterus holders.The gutting of Roe v Wade imperils every menstruating person in the US, every person who engages in sex, and every person who values our constitutional right to privacy. Just one reason Roe isnt a womens issue beyond the fact that people who arent women can menstruate too!The Supreme Court and GOPs coordinated attack on Roe v Wade isnt only about abortion rights - its also an attack on our overall right to privacy. Roe v Wade allowed SCOTUS to overturn state laws that criminalized private, consensual acts that especially targeted LGBT+ people.Its not a coincidence that Texas is where GOP are testing new ways to retake sexual control via legislation. TX had anti-sodomy laws in place until 2003 (!) that made non-PIV sex illegal until the Supreme Court overturned it on the basis of Roe v Wades right to privacy.Sexual assault is an abuse of power that attempts to seize sexual control over another persons body. Anti-choice laws are also an abuse of power that attempts to seize sexual control over peoples bodies en masse. And thats 1 way rape culture informs anti-choice legislation.Sad that in 2021 I have to explain to a GOP Governor that: 1. 6 weeks pregnant = 2 weeks late for your period 2. Periods are late all the time from stress, diet,etc 3. Most people know their rapists but GOP want to have more control over your body than you do, so here we are.Thank you @POTUS, @GovKathyHochul, @FEMA_Deanne, @NYCMayor, as well as our NYC Congressional delegation for visiting East Elmhurst today and working tirelessly to get relief as soon as possible to our families on the ground.Disaster relief is here. Weve worked with FEMA & @POTUS to make this one of the fastest-ever approvals for FEMA individual assistance. Mixed-status immigrant families are also eligible - constituents can contact my office for info. Apply here:@MilesRayBlair Some Democrats are preventing abolishment/reform of the filibuster. Heres the latest count:Shana Tovah to our NY-14 family and beyond!Thank you FEMA Administrator Criswell for visiting Woodside and working with us to expedite individual assistance after Ida. NYC: President Biden & FEMA have officially authorized individual assistance programs w/ disaster grants up to $34k. Apply here:gets me every timeThank you for coming to NY-14, @GovKathyHochul. Weve got a lot of work to do to help our families, but together well get it done - and shore up our climate infrastructure too. #NYToughTwo reasons to support Joe Neguse: 1. He is legitimately a great member of Congress 2. We should 1000% relish any opportunity to give corrupt insurrectionists the boot, especially when they can be replaced w/ progressive reps that dont take orders from lobbyists Follow him!Christian extremists are passing forced birth laws to intimidate & cut off abortion services - including for victims of rape, incest, & child abuse. While we fight back, know you still have options. Pills can be mailed to your home discreetly. Info here:cc: @UnequalScenesThis is a huge long shot, but the person who filmed this deliverista last night received $1,700+ from media outlets who wanted to license the footage. They want to give all of it to the worker, but need finding him. Any tips? This was ~10:10pm near Roebling/11th st in BK.Just pick one and go. Youll find more, learn more, and grow. If you need a place to start, youre welcome to join ours atIn the last 24 hours, our supporters raised $185,000+ for Texas abortion orgs and made ~100,000 check-in calls to Ida flood victims in our NYC district. Let this be your sign. Find an organizing community, roll up your sleeves, and get to work. It feels better to be in movement.Just last week we held a hearing in Astoria, Queens trying to stop a fossil fuel peaker plant. A week later, that same neighborhood was flooded in a climate emergency. Lobbyists say gas is cheap bc they dont count the catastrophic healthcare & disaster costs of their product.Shout out to our @TeamAOC volunteers and staff. Theres no way we could do this without everyday people who mobilize on our list and are ready to pitch in with mutual aid & movement work. Youve been checking in on folks & IDing people in critical need all day. Thank you@freedlander Hope youre ok!Alternatively, if we want to bring down the $3.5T we can bring back taxing the rich and boosting IRS enforcement that mods originally worked so hard to trim back!Or maybe we hit the cancel button on this so-called bipartisan charade of an Exxon lobbyist drafted infrastructure bill unless we actually pass a law that helps peoples lives with healthcare expansion, childcare, climate action, etc.Fossil fuel corps & dark money is destroying our democracy, country, & planet. All day our community has been pulling bodies out of homes from the flood. Entire families. And were supposed to entertain lobbyist talking points about why we should abandon people & do nothing? No.Manchin has weekly huddles w/ Exxon & is one of many senators who gives lobbyists their pen to write so-called bipartisan fossil fuel bills. Its killing people. Our people. At least 12 last night. Sick of this bipartisan corruption that masquerades as clear-eyed moderation.One piece of data Im seeing: the subway stations + other infrastructure rebuilt post-Hurricane Sandy for climate resilience *worked.* It was areas that *didnt* get investment that suffered. We shouldnt wait for climate disaster to rebuild & prepare- thats what GND is about.If youre a person with some time today, we need your help! Were launching our community check-in dialer & texter to check in on storm victims. Volunteers will help us identify people in critical need. Bilingual folks could really help families a ton:As a result, among the people MOST at risk during flash floods here are those living in off-the-books basement dwellings that dont meet the safety codes necessary to save lives. These are working class, immigrant, and low-income people & families.How the climate crisis is an inequality crisis: Many of these deaths occurred in basement dwellings, many of which are illegal and growing in # due to the unaffordable housing crisis, but do not meet safety standards required to keep people safe in incidents like flash floods.I will be canvassing the district today assessing the impact from last nights catastrophic flooding. Tragically, we lost several community members last night. Please check in on your neighbors - especially those in low-level apartments. Ill provide updates here and on @RepAOC.Republicans promised to overturn Roe v Wade, and they have. Democrats can either abolish the filibuster and expand the court, or do nothing as millions of peoples bodies, rights, and lives are sacrificed for far-right minority rule.  This shouldnt be a difficult decision.Ironically I was supposed to visit Minnesota tomorrow to visit movement leaders fighting the #Line3 pipeline & urging the Biden admin to stop building fossil fuel infrastructure - which is leading to the same catastrophic climate events harming our country and city right now.We are running out of time to act on climate. Members of both parties engage in misleading rhetoric and funny math to convince the public we are addressing climate change more than we are - & that includes parts of the current infrastructure plan. We need a Green New Deal now.Please do not be the person who orders delivery during a flash flood that the NWS has deemed a dangerous and life-threatening situation. It puts vulnerable people at risk. If its too dangerous for you, its too dangerous for them. Raid your cabinets or ask a neighbor for help.Experiencing all this flooding in NYC right now and thinking about all the politicians who told me that pursuing a Green New Deal to adapt our natl infrastructure to climate change is unrealistic & too expensive. As if doing too little is the responsible, adult thing to do?Bronx residents - please stay safe.Now is not the time to feel hopeless or helpless. Now is the time to act. All across Texas, grassroots organizers have been protecting their neighbors and the right to choose. They need us. We made a split page for 8 key orgs here - % goes to them.The fact is Dems CAN act now to protect our democracy, voting rights, integrity of our courts, and end minority rule. The Dem Senators in the way need to get on board. The stakes are too high. We must end the filibuster, expand the court, stop dark money & protect voting rights.In case youre wondering why people are going on TV relentlessly attacking Biden for his courageous decision to leave Afghanistan when no other president would, heres one glimpse as to why. War is addictive for the few who reap its profits, while the rest of us foot the bill.Shout out to the 2 moderate GOP women who chose to ignore survivors across the country in their delusion that confirming a man credibly accused of sexual assault & a woman hostile to repro rights would have no effect on Roe v Wade.  Today couldnt have happened without youHold everyone to the same standards we hold for Black women & women of color challengeAmong many other warnings, survivors warned that sexual assault is about abuse of power,& a judge credibly accused of such shouldnt be trusted w the rights of the vulnerable. Now Roe is upended. But were not going anywhere. This is a fight for our lives.I do not understand the fixation among some powerful people in politics and media constantly seeking out ways to reward a man who helped cover up the murder of a 16 year old boy. Its shameful. Laquan McDonalds life mattered. The Senate should vote NO on Emanuels confirmation.My monthly town hall is starting at 5:30! Well be discussing latest updates with our community on Afghanistan, emergency rental assistance, infrastructure + jobs legislation, and more. Check out @RepAOC for details to tune in.Protip to keep your ice cream cool: stop burning fossil fuelsDont assume that everyone who isnt vaccinated yet is radicalized or too far gone in conspiracy theories. There are lots of people who are hesitant bc they cant afford to take a day off work, are scared it isnt free due to our broken healthcare system, etc. Talk to them!Back from my August Twitter break to share some resources we made on a question I am very frequently asked: How do I talk to friends and family about getting vaccinated? Here are some tips from our organizing base @TeamAOC:For all those who lost, sacrificed, suffered, and served in the last 20 years of war and occupation, the United States has a singular responsibility in extending safe refuge to the Afghan people. That is the absolute floor.Shout out to libraries and library workers. We love and appreciate you thats allI couldnt care less about what this talking inferiority complex has to say, but I do feel for the women and survivors in his life who now see they wouldnt be believed or safe with him. Many survivors of assault dont tell family, friends, etc bc of how they see others treated.I am incredibly grateful that the COVID funeral assistance program we worked w/ advocates to pass into law has helped so many people. We have now provided over $1B in help to families who have endured the unimaginable loss of a loved one during COVID. Help is still availableHeres an example of some of that work - pretty much everyone in this video is a local community organizer who put in a TON of work in getting their communities accurately counted. Major shout out to @JulieMenin & the NYC census team who did a stellar job!THANK YOU to all the organizers and advocates across the city who worked tirelessly on our Census efforts last year. On top of official efforts, @TeamAOC dedicated an addtl $3M+ to Census organizing in our community. It worked! The Bronx & Queens were top performers nationally.Anyways shout out to @JoeNeguse and @CongressmanRaja as we continue plugging away at the Ban Conflicted Trading ActIt is absolutely wild that members of Congress are still allowed to buy and sell individual stock. It shouldnt be legal. Weve introduced legislation to end the practice, but as one can imagine its a very uphill battle to pass. This shouldnt even be controversial though!It was clear from the beginning that the way a skinny bill gets a shot is if its part of a larger infrastructure package. Voting on the skinny lobbyist-friendly bill 1st gives conservatives leeway to hurt the larger infrastructure bill w/childcare, Medicare, climate,etc. NopeConservative* House Democrats.  Lets stop pretending that Dems who threaten to tank the Presidents agenda, kill childcare/Medicare expansion, and work w/ GOP to expand the cruelest parts of our immigration system are moderate. They are not moderate. Theyre conservative.Also - any economic historians out there with reading material recommendations on TNEC? Ive been studying up on the history of the original cmte but always open to new suggestions/recommendationsThe TNEC started w/ examining monopoly and antitrust, but found that inequality sprawled far beyond that -& some credit the TNEC with advancing the economic groundwork for New Deal-era policies like Social Security & more. All of this is to say: watch this space. @FairGrowthCmteThe @FairGrowthCmte is a historic temporary select committee to tackle inequality in America. It is modeled off TNEC, (Temporary Natl Economic Committee) that was charged w/ investigating the extreme concentration of economic power in the US leading up to the Great Depression.The average family in the US used to double their income once every 23 years. Today it takes over 100 years. We are in an absolute crisis of inequality. To study it,the House launched a historic @FairGrowthCmte,a revival of TNEC that helped steer us out of the Great Depression.@DanielleHarmony Thanks! I hope youre having a great day tooGov. Cuomos resignation is necessary and long overdue. But there is still a large amount of work ahead to account for and reverse the ways our institutions were molded over years to maximize the impunity and lack of transparency necessary for these abuses to unfold as they did.There is a huge difference between having an awkward interaction and discussing / learning from it vs. mobilizing entire networks and institutions to bring in victims, silence coverage, and retaliate against those who report abuse. Trying to blur that line helps abuses continue.When abusers of power blame everyone else for misunderstanding their abuse, it is often a way to gain sympathy from those whove ever been / could be involved in a misunderstanding. But the intentional environment of fear & intimidation harassers create is far from a mistake.War was bipartisan. Tax cuts for the rich were bipartisan. Wall St bailouts were bipartisan. Fossil fuel giveaways were/are bipartisan. Just because something is bipartisan doesnt make it intrinsically good for people or worthy of passage. Substance matters.If mods want to blow up the infra deal, thats on them. I know this is tough for some to understand, but the US is more than a handful of suburbs- communities outside them arent disposable. And just bc something is bipartisan doesnt mean its good. Look at Wall St bailouts.%. On Capitol Hill, the norm in staff culture is to advise to pull back, not push, & be cautious. The only way this happened was with the dedicated staff surrounding us. For every member that slept out, there were staff rallying out there too. They are major public servants.Reminder: BOTH tenants and landlords can get help through the emergency rental assistance program.  It not only covers rent, but may also cover utilities, moving expenses, security deposits, late fees, etc. Please share widely! Applications are here:Donkey of the day materialGive @CoriBush her flowers she just paved the way for 11 million renters in the United States. Servant leadership in action.In both small ways and large, it always seems impossible until its done.Housing is a human right. Thank you for leading the way @CoriBushAs se hace! Qu orgulloWere out here to extend the moratorium, so wheres Congress? Its time we come back and #ExtendTheMoratoriumLets go!! @RepMaxineWatersWe tried to object to the House adjourning session and force a roll call on whether we should leave. They rushed to adjourn before we could get to the floor.For some on Capitol Hill, its not about what we can do for our country, but what the country can do for their vacation. Call your member of Congress and tell them to stay at work until we finish the job. States havent released rent relief. We need to extend the moratorium.This week I presented my amendment to remove barriers to research on therapeutic potential of psychedelic substances. The 1st time I offered it, members laughed at me on the House floor. I got 91 votes. This time, more understood. Support surged to 140 votes. We wont give up!When you accidentally let your billionaire funder-talk slip out on TV, you say things like a healthy ruling classTotally agree. In fact, to further protect Medicare from socialism, lets strengthen it to include dental, vision, hearing, & mental healthcare and then allow all Americans to enjoy its benefits. Trust me, Medicare for All is the #1 thing you can do to own the socialists.Exxon lobbyists bragged about how much influence they had in this deal. This is what that influence looks likeFor folks following along at home, recall that McConnell announced publicly that 100 percent of [his] focus is on blocking the Biden admin.You are a champion and role model to us all. Thank you for showing us what greatness and bravery look like - on the outside *and* the inside. You make our country proud.A lot of times, bipartisan agreements are just as defined by who people in power agree to exclude than include.Good luck tanking your own partys investment on childcare, climate action, and infrastructure while presuming youll survive a 3 vote House margin - especially after choosing to exclude members of color from negotiations and calling that a bipartisan accomplishment.Communities cannot out-organize voter suppression when those they organize to elect wont protect the vote. & Even if they DO out-organize, the ground is being set to overturn results. The time to fight like hell for democracy is right now. We may not get another chance. #HR1Help turn out the vote with a phonebank this week:  : @androsescoOhio, thank you for the warm welcome this weekend! Its time to send @ninaturner to Congress- because our democracy should belong to everyday people over big money. Early voting is now open! Election Day is August 3rd  Join a phonebanking shift belowWeve got 10 days, Ohio! Time to get to work:Whats up Cleveland! Thank you for the warm welcome!  Are you ready to lace up your shoes and start knocking doors for @ninaturner? Ill be helping launch canvasses and community meet ups all across the city tomorrow. Join us locally or remotely:Last time I introd this, both parties voted against it & some laughed. But I am undeterred! Ill keep bringing it up until the times catch up. If you want your member lift the roadblock, call their office & tell them! It really does make a differenceIt is ridiculous that Congress upholds War on Drugs-era barriers on federal research into substances like psilocybin, ibogaine,& MDMA when early results are indicating major promise in treating PTSD, addiction,& more. Im trying (again) to lift them so we can pursue the science.Today we held the first Congressional hearing in modern history on public banking. Apparently it is too high of a bar to expect Republican members of Congress to, you know, actually read the bills theyre talking about, but nevertheless it went very well!The aliens can have himAnd where does McCarthy plan on doing his own investigation into Jan 6th if hes blocking Republicans from participating in the official Congressional investigation? Parler?Yes, Amazon workers did pay for this - with lower wages, union busting, a frenzied and inhumane workplace, and delivery drivers not having health insurance during a pandemic. And Amazon customers are paying for it with Amazon abusing their market power to hurt small business.Not sure if you know this Sean, but transactions arent capitalism. Capitalism is a system that prioritizes profit at any & all human/enviro cost. But fwiw our shop is unionized, doesnt operate for profit,& funds projects like free tutoring, food programs,& local organizing.@MEPFuller I object!!@hunterw It was getting chopped up so I reposted the statement in fullEarlier statement on Cuban protests was chopped up via several tweets and hard to follow - here it is in full with Spanish being posted underneath@lizaGET_A_VAX IRS is adding a portal to their site very soon where you can update them on your new addition and start receiving payments. Ill be sure to share it when its up. Congratulations on the birth of your little one!Quick reminder to my constituents: our monthly town hall is starting in a few minutes at 5:30!  We will have live translation in 5 languages plus CART open captioning. You can catch it on the @RepAOC YouTube stream or join us on Zoom or Facebook.Child Tax Credit check in!  Whos gotten their CTCtoday? How is it going to help you out?Ironically, the ineptitude that some Republicans demonstrate re: MLK proves that the multiracial history of the United States *isnt* taught adequately enough in schools, and that we *should* teach it more deeply. The GOP would do well to stop banning books & start reading them.Martin Luther King, Jr was murdered for confronting white supremacy. Today GOP who are gutting the very Voting Rights Act King worked for want you to believe hed support mass disenfranchisement and teaching of racial ignorance. They should read the books theyre trying to ban.@athomeinbklyn Its always me :) thanks!This quote of Kings is not from an early work. It was one of his last words, from Where Do We Go From Here: Chaos or Community? If all sorts of folks who claim what MLK would do actually studied his work, they would understand he was a radical. And an anticapitalist, too.Whites, it must frankly be said, are not putting in a similar mass effort to reeducate themselves out of their racial ignorance. It is an aspect of a sense of superiority that the white people of America believe they have so little to learn. - Martin Luther King Jr, 1967Thank you for proving to the world that todays version of conservative role model is a person who mocks other peoples ill grandparents on the internet. I can promise you I will treat your family better than you do mine. And Ill fight for your constituents more, too.Tell em loud and proud girl! GOP will strip your unemployment protections and dismantle any semblance of a public safety net we have left! Then make working people pay way more for everything on low wages while Wall St gets a meal ticket! Good ol conservative values baby!Ah, Washington: where Republicans feel its normal to call me a fing b and stalk me at work, but when I calmly factcheck a Sens ahistorical, specious arguments upholding an unjust loophole its Im so sorry shes doing that to you man, no one should have to go through thatIm so glad the filibuster is here to fix this oh waitThe Green New Deal, which is a blueprint to create millions of good jobs rebuilding infrastructure to stem climate change & protect vulnerable communities, is unrealistic. Instead we will do the adult thing, which is take orders from fossil fuel execs &make you swim to work.@ceonyc They gutted the curved bar and everythingGoing into the woods for a few days. Everyone be good and Happy 4th@Nikkerdoodle71 All our other Green New Deal items supporting climate organizing are here:@Nikkerdoodle71 Theyre on back order this week, but well email you when they restock if you put your name on the list. Theyre union-made and support climate justice work, just like the GND itself :)Gee I wonder why Republicans are so opposed to a Jan 6th investigationShout out to all the legislators going out on dinner dates with Exxon lobbyists so they can say a Green New Deal is too expensiveTurns out organizing to help people reimagine which investments and policies make us safer isnt sloganeering after all. Shout out to movement organizers and everyday people across the country helping facilitate this shift in understanding and policy.The criminalization and banning of cannabis is an instrument of racist and colonial policy. The IOC should reconsider its suspension of Ms. Richardson and any athletes penalized for cannabis use. This ruling along w/ IOC denial of swim caps for natural hair is deeply troubling.@JamaalBowmanNY BarsThis is not a drill!  Elias, my homework helper mentee, has gone up TWO LEVELS in reading! What a rock star! Lets hear it for Elias, all our students, and everyone who stepped up to volunteer as Homework Helpers to help other families learn throughout the pandemic.Imagine being a public official and having a *standing weekly check-in call* with ANY corporate lobbyist, let alone Exxon.None of this would be possible if it werent for the community organizers who put this together and everyday people who stepped up to volunteer a few hours to tutor a child or chip in small dollars to our campaign or shop. So many kids saw leaps in their grades thanks to you!This summer were expanding the program to include offerings of English tutoring for Bengali and Spanish speaking parents. Local parents will be able to sharpen their language skills and better advocate for their children. We will also have community cooking classes & more.Update: Last year, a LOT of families in our community struggled in the shift to remote learning. So @TeamAOC organizers mobilized & built a volunteer Homework Helpers program on a mutual aid model. Now were celebrating thousands of hours of free tutoring & expanding!BOE about to go on IG Live nextAnd Best Green New Deal dad hat joke goes to @GerryConnollyBest Green New Deal hat styling so far goes to @MondaireJonesTimestamp is ~47:30 (TY to everyone who pointed it out)You can see the scene where I break it down in here - idk the timestamp though:When I make the point that many pundits and election strategists really lose the plot trying to spin election results as solely about ideology or slogans while ignoring key fundamentals like execution, organizing, field, etc - this is one prime example of what Im taking about..@WNBA stay winningits always a justice party when @CoriBush has the mic@andEps Bilals reaction incredibleThree years ago today. Not a day goes by where Im not forever, deeply grateful to our community and movement of everyday people whose contributions, effort, and support sends me to Congress. Thank you for taking a chance on me, NY-14. Every day is for youFirst of all, Im taller than herOh look, a receipt! Looks like its good for returning the Senate GOPs excuses for bad faith negotiatingWere working to win a Civilian Climate Corps in the reconciliation package. The last time the US did this, we employed 2M people and had record success in wildfire suppression - one the most rapid peacetime mobilizations in US history. We can revive it to fight climate change.Its time to move forward, rebuild infrastructure and drawdown carbon, lower the age of Medicare and extend it to cover vision & dental, expand childcare and housing accessibility, and serve the American people. That is bipartisan too, with 2 party support among the electorate.Wow, who could have possibly predicted that Senate Republicans were wasting months of a Dem majoritys precious time negotiating in bad faith just to suddenly renege on a bipartisan agreement w/ new, mercurial demands after doing exactly the same w the Jan 6th commission.@SecDebHaaland is everything. Seeing her leadership change lives makes my heart happyThis is not to say that any/all bipartisan deals are bad but its to ask people to actually read whats inside them instead of assume bipartisan=good Isnt something better than nothing assumes that none of the individuals involved agreed to harmful policies. A huge assumptionMeanwhile, when representatives of excluded communities object to the exclusion &marginalization required to make many bipartisan deals work, theyre dismissed as unreasonable. So who/what often benefits from this type of bipartisan dealmaking? Corporations & structural racismThats why folks can sometimes come across as careless when saying well isnt something better than nothing? For many communities, their not having a seat at the table is a precondition for bipartisan deals to work in the 1st place. & thats not only seen as normal, but valuedThis is why a bipartisan pkg alone isnt acceptable. The exclusion & denial of our communities is what DC bipartisan deals require. Thats how you get GOP on board : dont do much/any for the working class & low income,or women, or poc communities, or unions,etc. We must do more.The diversity of this bipartisan coalition pretty perfectly conveys which communities get centered and which get left behind when leaders prioritize bipartisan dealmaking over inclusive lawmaking (which prioritizes delivering the most impact possible for the most people)@jadabird @mayawiley It sounds like the woman you spoke with was one of the victims in the 89th st tenants fire. If so, the July 20th date has been lifted & extended. Victims of the fire should register w/ the city for relief. @votejgr (JH assemblywoman) has more info, or they can call my officeAnd weve got @tiffany_caban shaping up to be Astorias next City Council Member!.@Indiawaltonbflo became a mother at 14 years old. She earned her GED while pregnant w/ twins. She graduated, became a registered nurse, & then a representative in her union, 1199SEIU. Then directed a Community Land Trust. Tonight it seems Buffalo may be making her Mayor.Call me radical, but I do not believe a minority of Senators should be able to block voting rights for millions of people. But I guess Im just from that far-left school of thought that legislation should pass when a majority of legislators vote for itTodays NYC To Do List: Wake up  Head to the bodega for coffee and a sandwich  Rank @MayaWiley #1 for MayorCTC Candidates have pledged to work towards an equitable, affordable city that puts housing, workers rights, public safety, good public schools, jobs, climate, & more at the center of their agenda. Read more here:For districts with multiple candidates, we encourage you to rank all of the ones named at the top of your ballot. You can find more info on your city council candidates at:Good morning Todays the day, NYC!  Make sure you head to the polls TODAY to help select our citys next mayor, city council, comptroller, and public advocate! Here are our recommendations (thread) & confirm your polling location at@WillRicci Try reading my tweet againIts almost impossible to find workers, say at-will employers refusing to offer living wages, sick/hazard pay, parental leave, or reliable schedules while rents, childcare costs, & student debt reach record highs. We tried offering free coupons. What else can we possibly do?He should name his next one Bull MooseHappy Fathers Day to all the wonderful papas out there  Special shout out to all the Girl Dads who lift up their daughters and show them anything is possible@brianrussbk It means they all took the Courage to Change Pledge! We also offer suggested rankings for CDs, including yours. We recommend ranking all CTC candidates at the top of your ballot  You can read abt the pledge, view candidate rankings, & learn more here:@samuelmonteroo Good luck!@JacobiHosp @RepAOC @RepBowman Confirmed!@StephanieKelton Whats the hearing? Ill pull it up!@esglaude @sethmoulton @Morning_Joe Thank you!@jasminefor100 @RepAOC Thank you for your heroic stand in the Texas State House to protect the right to vote @jasminefor100! Your actions helped protect millions of Texans civil rights. We thank you!The case for train infrastructure but make it bilingualHigh-speed rail connects people to opportunities, creates union jobs, & helps the planet. Our infrastructure ask is simple: For every $1 the US puts into car infrastructure, lets put $1 into rail. Go to & join me, @sethmoulton,& @Teamsters to get going.High speed rail could get you from Albany to NYC in 36 minutes - & we can build it across the country. Rail is the right thing to do for jobs, people, and planet - but we need your help. Your call truly makes a difference here. Take 5 mins and go toIm voting @MayaWiley for Mayor because we deserve a New York City that works for everyone. I hope you join meGenerational wealth shouldnt be a requirement to work in Washington. Congressional staffers have been far underpaid for far too long. This has damaging effects on both policymaking & diversity. Thankful to my colleagues who joined us on the effort to pay staff dignified wages..@RepAndyLevin is what we call un buen tipo  Proud to serve with you, friend.Tell me youve never read the Bible without telling me youve never read the BibleWe have an obligation to do the most we can for working people, civil rights, and the planet with the power people have entrusted to us. We should lower the age for Medicare, roll back voter suppression, and create millions of jobs w/ infrastructure that combats climate change.A lot of folks will chide those of us who believe in pushing Congress to do more for working people and the planet by saying well, how do you plan on getting 50 votes? instead of asking the Dems who are blocking voting rights in the Senate where they plan on getting 60.Last night we held NYCs FIRST in-person concert of 2021. 100% vaccinated crowd!  The Strokes + John Mulaney for @mayawiley Sundays are great for early voting. Grab a coffee, find your pollsite, and vote today:  Text your friends & fam for Maya!@Dulcinea_Detwah @NYCParks Head to Orchard Beach and walk towards the north side on the boardwalk. There will be a sign to the trail entrance on your left  Take the 6 train to Pelham Bay Park and transfer to the BX29 to get there via public transit. Good luck!Defunding schools to the point that we have a 400:1 student-to-teacher ratio so we can bankroll another huge expansion in an already-multibillion dollar police budget is how you build a school-to-prison pipeline. Its reckless & wont make our future better. Rank @mayawiley #1.Pretty sick & tired of the constant vilification, intentional mischaracterization, and public targeting of @IlhanMN coming from our caucus. They have no concept for the danger they put her in by skipping private conversations & leaping to fueling targeted news cycles around her.Looks like #Mayamentum to meThis weeks guilty pleasure: watching @RepJayapal go down the list to expose phony corporate #Pride rebrands with how much money theyve given to fund anti-LGBT+ politicians  Remember: just because a company slapped on a rainbow doesnt mean they support the LGBT+ communityAdditionally, the Senate blockages make Bidens unwillingness to act on student loan debt- something he can do *without* Congress but hasnt yet- all the more glaring. #CancelStudentDebt is 1 of the few, rare opportunities Biden has to go big w/o the Senate. He needs to take it.During the Obama admin, folks thought wed have a 60 Dem majority for a while. It lasted 4 months. Dems are burning precious time & impact negotiating w/GOP who wont even vote for a Jan 6 commission. McConnells plan is to run out the clock. Its a hustle. We need to move now.Common sense. Thank you.Pres. Biden & Senate Dems should take a step back and ask themselves if playing patty-cake w GOP Senators is really worth the dismantling of peoples voting rights, setting the planet on fire, allowing massive corporations and the wealthy to not pay their fair share of taxes, etcMitch McConnell and the Koch brothers are not worth setting the planet on fire for. I know some Dems may disagree with me, but thats my unpopular opinion of the dayYepIt would be helpful if the US would finally acknowledge its contributions to destabilization and regime change in the region. Doing so can help us change US foreign policy, trade policy, climate policy, & carceral border policy to address causes of mass displacement & migration.This is disappointing to see. First, seeking asylum at any US border is a 100% legal method of arrival. Second, the US spent decades contributing to regime change and destabilization in Latin America. We cant help set someones house on fire and then blame them for fleeing.Just thinking about how after this photo ran Wall Street Journal columnists spent more time criticizing me for not smiling enough than asking Manchin precisely what areas of common ground he had in mind when he stood up for the GOP. Turns out voter suppression was one of them!It will always be wild to me that even members of my own party denounce us as extreme for saying this does not make anyone feel safer or be safer, and contributes to precipitating violenceWe did some NYC election homework for you!  We went through every single city council race to see which candidates in YOUR neighborhood have pledged to build an NYC thats affordable, safe, & just for all. Announcing NYCs @CouragetoChange candidates tomorrow at City HallThe kids are alright.@bradlanders got dad jokes AND a plan to bring down your bills with public solar for New York City! Listen to Rosa! Vote for her dad for NYC Comptroller!Its called Stand Up to Violence (SUV), a cutting edge program run out of @JacobiHosp (a PUBLIC hospital!), and it is hands down one of the most effective treatments weve seen to reduce incidents of violence like shootings and stabbings. Im asking for fed resources to grow it.Right here in the Bronx, our community developed a successful approach to reducing violence. It starts at the hospital after an incident. We bring in psych Drs & folks who turned their *own* lives around to work w/ youth. Its reduced reoccurrence of violence by more than 50%.Abolish the filibuster.You dont even have a concept for the role that 1st-gen, first-born daughters play in their families. My abuela is okay. But instead of only caring for mine & letting others suffer, Im calling attention to the systemic injustices you seem totally fine w/ in having a US colony.And for the record - my abuela is doing okay. Its not about us, but about whats happening to Puerto Ricans across the island. She had a place to go to and be cared for - what about the thousands of people who dont?I want to be clear - while Trump admin had a major role, it wasnt just them. La Junta, local policies, etc were all on the same page: policies that pushed out local families. To turn this around, we need audits & get recovery relief to people ASAP, without the onerous strings.In the aftermath of Mara, the Trump admin oversaw two key items: handing millions in public $ to unqualified donor pals (ex Whitefish). The other was to impose extremely difficult eligibility rules for Puerto Ricans, which allowed mass rejections of recovery fund applications.We immediately got to work reaching out to community advocates and leaders and following the money. Whats happening to Puerto Ricans is systemic. Much of it can be traced to La Junta, aka the Wall Street-connected fiscal control board that the US gave power to over the island.Just over a week ago, my abuela fell ill. I went to Puerto Rico to see her- my 1st time in a year+ bc of COVID. This is her home. Hurricane Mara relief hasnt arrived. Trump blocked relief $ for PR. People are being forced to flee ancestral homes, & developers are taking them.Free access to mental healthcare is critical, but therapy isnt a solution for worker exploitation and subhuman conditions. You need to get paid. Guaranteed living wages, healthcare, material stability and safety - these are key conditions for mental & general public health.Proud of you, @naomiosaka.His name is @bradlander and hes great Hope he gets your vote for NYC Comptroller! Check him out:@rosaclemente Thank you for pointing this out!Nowadays, many people use an in the-middle blue so you can fly a flag without connotations. Its this one To this day, there is no officially specified shade which is why you may see a large variation among objectsYou can read more about it here:The reason I bring this up is because colonizing powers attacked PR identity in the process of codifying their 2nd-class citizenship. People joke about how Puerto Ricans are obsessed w/ flying the flag. Thats bc it was illegal & doing so represented resistance to colonialism.The United States did this to Puerto Ricans, too. In 1948, the US-appointed PR gov signed a Gag Law making it illegal to fly the Puerto Rican flag, punishable up to 10 years in prison. It was illegal until 1957. When the law was repealed, the gov changed the PR flag to US blue.@QnsNightMarket @instagram Did you all get this fixed? I still see itMental healthcare is healthcare. It should be guaranteed as a right along with dental and vision. If you get a bad cut, you go to the doctor to heal it faster and healthier. Same goes here. If I could prescribe it to other members, I wouldWe will never, ever tolerate antisemitism here in NY or anywhere in the world. The recent surge in attacks is horrifying. We stand with our Jewish communities in condemning this violence. You can help. Take NYCs free, 1hr bystander intervention course:Some tips on calling Congressional offices: 1. Dont be scared! Our lines exist to receive your calls. 2. Call YOUR member. The one who represents your district. Look it up in the above link. 3. Be KIND and clear. You can firmly state your position without being cruel.It must be said here - amplification is necessary but not sufficient. Traction on this issue is very dependent on your calls to Congress. Retweets arent enough. Call your member of Congress & let them know how youd like to be represented on this matter:The United States should not be rubber-stamping weapons sales to the Israeli government as they deploy our resources to target international media outlets, schools, hospitals, humanitarian missions and civilian sites for bombing. We have a responsibility to protect human rights.See you there @fightfor15Learn more about Brad and his policy proposals (which are very exciting and include items like public solar + banking!) here:Why @bradlander? Brad co-founded the NYC Councils Progressive Caucus. He helped bring participatory budgeting to NYC. Hes fought to protect freelancers from wage theft & for Uber/Lyft drivers to earn living wages. Hes fought racial discrimination in our schools and policing.Budgets are moral documents. That means the leader who oversees NYCs budget has a profound moral responsibility to everyday people. @bradlander deeply understands that responsibility & has long been true to it. NYC: Elections are next month! Vote Brad Lander for ComptrollerSo are the extensively researched, painstaking conclusions from the UN, Human Rights Watch, and BTselem (among the largest human rights orgs in the world and in Israel) considered outbursts too? Or is that just a descriptor MSN reserves for the women legislators quoting them?Apartheid states arent democracies.This is happening with the support of the United States. I dont care how any spokesperson tries to spin this. The US vetoed the UN call for ceasefire. If the Biden admin cant stand up to an ally, who can it stand up to? How can they credibly claim to stand for human rights?And now its revealed that this person showed up to members of Congress doors with folks from the mob who infiltrated the Capitol, beat Capitol Police, and strung up nooses in front of the House. If the shoe were on the other foot, the GOP would be calling for my expulsion.The fact that Kevin McCarthy, the House @GOPLeader, stripped Justin Amash of all committee seats for criticizing Trump, but has worked to protect this person from consequences (including pretending he doesnt see it) tells you this is happening with the support of GOP leadership.(And no this is not intended for magic the gathering players, youre cool w/ me)Friendly reminder to keep generously tipping your bartenders, servers, delivery, venue, and hospitality workers.But even after that 4:32pm verbal auth, Maj Gen Walker testified he wasnt notified of authorization to send Nat Guard to Capitol until 5:08pm. Capitol complex wasnt secure until 8pm. The answers Trumps acting SecDef gave for delays are not sufficient at all. Big qs here.So what happened between 3:19pm and 5:08pm on Jan 6th? 4:08pm: Pence makes an urgent call. He told the Sec of Defense to Clear the Capitol. At 4:32pm, hours after seige began but minutes after Pence call, the SecDef gave *verbal* authorization to send Nat Guard to CapitolAccording to DoD timelines of 1/6: 1:05pm - Insurrectionist movements towards Capitol reported 1:26pm - USCP orders evac 1:34-3:19pm- Calls from DC Mayor, Pelosi, Schumer to Army Sec for help. No change. Natl Guard commander Maj. Gen. Walker didnt get approval until *5:08pm*Seis leches feat powdered milk, NIDO, nesquik, baby formula, protein powder, ??Seis leches??? Peep the bottom of that pan. Looks like sin leche to meBy only stepping in to name Hamas actions - which are condemnable - & refusing to acknowledge the rights of Palestinians, Biden reinforces the false idea that Palestinians instigated this cycle of violence. This is not neutral language. It takes a side - the side of occupation.Blanket statements like these w/ little context or acknowledgement of what precipitated this cycle of violence - namely, the expulsions of Palestinians and attacks on Al Aqsa - dehumanize Palestinians & imply the US will look the other way at human rights violations. Its wrong.Utterly shameful for Yang to try to show up to an Eid event after sending out a chest-thumping statement of support for a strike killing 9 children, especially after his silence as Al-Aqsa was attacked. But then to try that in Astoria? During Ramadan?! They will let you know.From the paramilitary violence in Colombia and Shiekh Jarrah, to the detention of children on our own border and the militarization of US police departments, the United States must seriously assess its role in state violence and condition aid.We stand in solidarity with thePalestinianresidents of Sheikh Jarrahin East Jerusalem. Israeli forces are forcing families from their homes during Ramadan and inflicting violence. It is inhumane and the US must show leadership in safeguarding the human rights of Palestinians.Manifestaciones y vigilias aqu en nuestra comunidad en solidaridad con la gente de Colombia. El pueblo est cantando: Medelln, amigo, Nueva York est contigo! #SOSColombia@CardenOfMilk @NYCMayorsOffice @KarinesReyes87 Yes! The bus is fully ADA/wheelchair accessible. And if anyone cant / prefer not to get on the bus for any reason, we also have a 1 person tent on the streetWhen @NYCMayorsOffices launched the first buses in Sunset Park, we knew we needed them in Castle Hill with outreach in Bengali, Spanish, & more. Read more about the effort here:Vacunabus is in the building! (/street!)  Im really excited about this project. Vaccine equity isnt just about encouraging people to get vaccines, its about bringing vaccines to the people! Shout out to @NYCMayorsOffice & @KarinesReyes87 for helping us make it happenMoral of the story is that the US Chamber of Commerce is a corporate lobbyist group with 0 credibility in helping everyday people. Huge, big-box corporations hire them to lobby Congress into prioritizing profits over people and planet. Ignore themIf youre interested in learning more about their secretive/bizarre lobbying operation, check out this archived piece from @MotherJones the Chamber had been routinely inflating its membership numbers by 900 percentFun fact: the US Chamber of Commerce is a secretive business lobby that supported a $3M effort to primary me out of office last year bc I stand up to Wall Street. (They lost ) Wal-mart was outed as a secret client. If UI &gt; wages, the solution is to actually pay a living wage.Thats funny, because Jamie Dimon didnt give working people an itemized list of the school districts, public hospitals, infrastructure, or affordable housing projects he was helping defund when he pushed for the $2T GOP Tax Scam in 2017 w/ goodies for yacht and jet owners.@justinamash @UChiPolitics Thanks for having me! Your students are wonderful and it was great engaging with them.@eb454 @justinamash @UChiPolitics Not in the case of government surveillance, DHS, ICE, the prison system, interventionist foreign policy, corrupt contracting, big money in politics, the list goes onLets do insulin nextSelf-determination in Puerto Rico shouldnt come down to a simple ballot referendum - a process that states use to resolve questions like dog racing or cannabis & are easily challenged. Determination of status, citizenship, and decolonization merit a constitutional convention.A lot of people dont even know that Puerto Rico doesnt have traditional Dem/GOP parties. PR political parties largely revolve around status w/ complexity on left-right history. Its incorrect to assume itll go Dem, and ppl should really examine why they make that assumptionPeople really need to stop conflating DC and Puerto Rico statehood as the same issue. And approaching Puerto Ricos status as a matter of party advantage is both neocolonial and mistaken. Puerto Ricos elected delegate to Congress caucuses w/ the *Republican Party,* not Dems.Nothing like reminiscing about attempted coups over a bouquet of flowersNot enough credit is given to the countless activists, organizers, and advocates whose relentless work is why we are even hearing anything about universal childcare, white supremacy as terrorism, labor, and living wages tonight. Yet we cannot stop until its done. Keep going.Heres how it works: - Think of the CTC badge as a certification of sorts. CTC candidates dont take big money & commit to policies of economic, enviro,& racial justice - Multiple cands. per race can qualify - We encourage supporters to rank CTC candidates as their top 1/2/3NYC! This week were launching the Courage to Change badge - an endorsement project to help NYC voters elect a progressive city council in our new ranked-choice system. If youre a City Council candidate, check out the CTC endorsement questionnaire here:Truth-telling and full acknowledgment of injustice can be one of the most important steps towards healing. Acknowledging the Armenian genocide is long overdue, and I hope this day brings some degree of peace to impacted families and communities as we move forward together.The way they started this Drag Race finaleYes! And as we continue the fight for #MedicareForAll nationally, did you know that progressives established a key step for M4A here at home & across NYC? Its true! Guaranteed healthcare is now available to uninsured NYC residents. Its called NYC Care:NYC! There is now NO appointment necessary for you to get your COVID vaccine at city-run sites!  Just walk in - see locations in @MarkLevineNYCs thread belowIm glad you like it @chelliepingree! Happy Earth Day@jangelooff I held my breathThat a family had to lose a son, brother and father; that a teenage girl had to film and post a murder, that millions across the country had to organize and march just for George Floyd to be seen and valued is not justice. And this verdict is not a substitute for policy change.Its Green New Deal week! This week were highlighting: Green New Deal reintro tomorrow w/ new Congressional cosponsors GND for Cities w/@CoriBush  GND for Public Housing w/@SenSanders Civilian Climate Corps w/@EdMarkey Ag Resilience w/@chelliepingree & moreToday we reintroduced the Green New Deal for Public Housing, which will create up to a quarter million US jobs modernizing our public housing stock. Hear about it from La Keesha Taylor & Jasmin Sanchez, two NYCHA residents who helped me draft the bill.Ever wonder what a Representative does in a week, anyway? Heres what Ive been up to since MondayThis is a testament to the power that peoples movements, community advocates, & progressive coalitions have built. Thankful for that and the Biden admins decision to respond to organizers today. Now lets get these families to their new homes here in the United States.Completely and utterly unacceptable. Biden promised to welcome immigrants, and people voted for him based on that promise. Upholding the xenophobic and racist policies of the Trump admin, incl the historically low + plummeted refugee cap, is flat out wrong. Keep your promise.Our latest project: pilot projects to get fee-free ATMs, check cashing, and wire transfers at the Post Office  Because its ridiculous to get price gouged for accessing your *own* money! Shout out to @SenGillibrand, @BillPascrell, & @RepMarcyKaptur for helping lead on thisThe calls work, folks  #PROActThe prosecutor did not make an error. He lied. He lied about the police killing a child. Ending this isnt just about consequences for who pulls the trigger. Its about admitting to and confronting an entire system that exists to protect, defend, and cover up state violence.Cameras, chokehold bans, retraining funds, and similar reform measures do not ultimately solve what is a systemic problem. That system will find a way - killings happen on camera, people are killed in other ways, retraining grows $ while often substituting for deeper measures.Daunte Wrights killing was not a random, disconnected accident - it was the repeated outcome of an indefensible system that grants impunity for state violence, rewards it w/ endlessly growing budgets at the cost of community investment, & targets those who question that order.Update: Just heard from @SenSchumer that over *1 MILLION* calls were made today to our funeral assistance program. FEMA has shored up support for these 1st few days. Thank you ALL for getting the word out & to the community activists that made this happen. Hotline: 844-684-6333@CaanhInc Both! Originally it was just for 2020, but we were able to extend the program through 2022 in the latest COVID package / American Rescue Plan.Come for the instructions, stay for the SpanglishSome addtl info: - Death certificate must list COVID as primary or contributing cause. If COVID wasnt listed for your loved one (as many were early on), you can have the cert amended by the hospital - Documented people can apply for lost loved ones who were undocumentedIts taken a lot of work, but Im proud to announce that FEMA is launching our funeral assistance program. Starting TODAY people can apply for up to $9k in COVID funeral reimbursements. Universal program. The hotline # is 844-684-6333. Please share w/ those who could use it.Happy birthday @JamaalBowmanNY!  From Bronx school principal to Congressman for NY-16, you make our borough proud!A reminder that your resignation is 84 days past due. At least.Maybe Mexico shouldnt let YOU in the next time you try to run away from your job to sip umbrella drinks in Cancn.Ted, this is pretty rich coming from someone who fled their own home (and responsibilities) during an environmental crisis to cross the border and seek refuge in Mexico. Also you funded cages, expanded cages, and yet youre complaining about cages. You have no policy, just puff.In the long term, we need to address US immigration policy that drives parents to make the devastating choice to send their child alone to flee violence bc together they have less of a shot. Lots more. Also foreign policy, climate, etc. Heres a roadmap:So do we do? If facilities are your #1 concern, short term we need to shift Congress knee-jerk addiction to funding carceral facilities (ICE/CBP) to expansion of ORR (office of refugee resettlement) and HHS (health and human services). But thats not a long term solution.Fact is a lot of the politicians crying right now dont work to solve either. They vote to grow ICE + CBP cages and they do everything to avoid addressing the root: US foreign policy and interventionism that destabilizes regions, the climate crisis, and unjust economic policy.Politicians and pundits who are pretending to care about the border now but have continuously voted to expand these cages can sit down. You might be new to this, but were true to this. Short-term issue is facilities. Long-term issue is destabilization thats driving migration.For all the new tears GOP have about the border, what are their policy solutions? A Muslim ban, racist policy, shutting down the border, & more cages. If you dont want children in cages, then you need to stop upholding CBP, ICE, and the military as the solution to this crisis.For all those who are brand new to this & only care about cages on a partisan basis, catch up: weve been fighting our own party on immigration for a long time. This is the result of Congress endlessly dumping money into CBP/ICE cages vs humane policyA politicians strength isnt based on a trip. Its based on their policy and voting RECORD. And the fact is a LOT of Ted Cruz types who are now going down to meet refugee children in boats outfitted w/ machine guns are the ones who helped create this problem in the first place.A lot of people who are just now suddenly horrified at the dehumanizing conditions at our border are the same folks who dehumanize immigrants + helped build these cages in the 1st place. When we tried to stop this infrastructure over a year ago,we were overruled by BOTH parties.@kathrynw5 How sure are you it was one of themIf you respond with a request for surprise access to a facility its always a different storyI see the Amazon guy is borrowing the we invite you for a well in advance, prescheduled tour to show you how great the conditions are from the ICE and CBP playbookThis is not nearly enough. The important context here is that its $2.25T spread out over 10 years. For context, the COVID package was $1.9T for this year *alone,* with some provisions lasting 2 years. Needs to be way bigger.Amazon workers in my district organized to meet with me in private last year. They were terrified & sobbing at being left in the dark about COVID exposures on the job + finding out about worksite infections through the grapevine. This happened in Queens:A loved one of mine worked Amazon delivery last year & left because thats how dangerous it felt to them working for a company that also puts so much performance pressure on their workers that defecating in bags is a common enough occurrence that there are internal memos about it% of proceeds on this piece go to @thenyic, a collective of over 200 immigrant and refugee rights groups throughout New York. I used to see Johannas work pasted up during my walks home from restaurant shifts. Her story challenges political convention & her work inspires many.A project months in the making is finally here: The Artist Series! Throughout 2021, Team AOC is collaborating w/ movement artists on shop pieces whose proceeds uplift grassroots orgs/causes. The first: Johanna Toruo + NY Immigration Coalition (@thenyic)This you?Eight lives were violently taken last night. AAPI families and communities across the country are living in fear. Standing up for Asian communities means standing up to racist policy, anti-Asian tropes, & understanding the long history of anti-Asian racism fueling this violence.Dismantling racist, anti-Asian violence means standing up to white supremacy - the same ideology that asks us to empathize with those who commit racist violence rather than the families destroyed and communities targeted by it. #StopAsianHateOftentimes when you see volunteer sign-ups or donation asks, its hard to imagine what happens w/ that. In our community, your support has helped us pilot this program to connect 100s of kids w/ volunteer tutors. Now were working on toolkits to help others do the same!Okay, I must celebrate our Team AOC organizers bc their dedication blows me away  Today I completed my final tutoring session through our Homework Helper program & got this. They make these certificates for all vol tutors+students & built a Roblox school for kids to see them!@cjmoore1122 Yes!After two accounts of sexual assault, four accounts of harassment, the Attorney Generals investigation finding the Governors admin hid nursing home data from the legislature & public, we agree with the 55+ members of the New York State legislature that the Governor must resign.Its time to show you the money!  Just did an IG live to answer your questions on the COVID package. We talked stimulus checks, child checks, UI, funeral reimbursement & more. Some of you are going to get more money than you think! See it here:Every single adult in the US will be eligible for the vaccine starting May 1st. May 1st! We can do this. Please get your shot as soon as you can. I cant wait to have friends and family over, see a show, and experience live music again. What are you most looking forward to?This week in Congress: Dems: Passed $1.9T COVID package to deliver stimulus checks (w/ dependents!), cut child poverty in half, extend $300 UI, prevent cuts in state + local services, largest-ever investment in Native communities, etc GOP: Took a week to read The Cat in the Hat@EnadZT Goal is to work like monthly stimulus checks on top of your normal checks (ie youd get an additional $300 a month). It kicks in 90 days after passage, so 1st child checks will start to kick in around summer. The IRS has some flexibility on rollout and also has $75k/100k phaseoutWhat questions do you have on the package? Let me know and Ill see if I can hop on IG live tonight to talk about itCongress just passed the COVID relief bill & its heading to Bidens desk! What does it mean for you? - $1400 checks for you AND adult dependents - On top of that, up to $3600 per child over several payments - Contd $300 UI for 6 mos - $10,200 in UI income wont be taxedA key part of successful vaccine rollout? Community! Since COVID hit last year, weve worked w/ partners like First Baptist to set up relief & COVID testing. Our latest work: setting up pop-up vaccine sites w/ trusted partners in under-vaccinated communities. A major success!Trans kids are awesome, incredible, beautiful, and wonderful. Bigotry is not. Republicans need to stop obsessing over other peoples gender identity bc frankly its very weird and theyre doing a lot of harm to children who are just trying to be themselves.  #LetKidsPlayImagine having the ganas to go home and ask minimum wage workers to support you after going back on your own documented stance to help crush their biggest chance at a wage hike during their longest drought of wage increases since the laws very inception. Sin vergenza.We have a responsibility to show people in this country what a Democratic majority can do for working people. That means more generous relief checks, $15 min wage, ending the filibuster to protect our democracy. Its a once-in-generation shot, and we need to legislate like it.Conservative Dems have fought so the Biden admin sends fewer & less generous relief checks than the Trump admin did. Its a move that makes little-to-no political or economic sense, and targets an element of relief that is most tangibly felt by everyday people. An own-goal.The actual crisis is how entire generations are sunk w/inhumane levels of student debt, low incomes, high rent, no guarantee of healthcare & little action on climate change which creates a situation where feeling stable enough to have a kid can feel more like a luxury than a normRunning to ban members of Congress from trading stocks   Well get em next time @CongressmanRaja & @JoeNeguse!It is utterly embarrassing that pay people enough to live is a stance thats even up for debate. Override the parliamentarian and raise the wage. McDs workers in Denmark are paid $22/hr + 6 wks paid vacation. $15/hr is a deep compromise - a big one, considering the phase in.This endangers the entire country and beyond. We are in a pandemic. We know that COVID spread isnt neatly contained by state borders, and explosions in COVID cases can increase the likelihood of new COVID variants to develop or spread to new places. Its dangerous.93.2% of Texans arent fully vaccinated. The state just endured one disaster worsened by selfishness + denial of basic science, and now conditions are being set for another. Repealing the mask mandate now endangers so many people, especially essential workers & the vulnerable.Proud to stand with you, @CoriBush.Congress needs to allocate enough funds so that internships can be paid. It currently does not. Theres some scant funding there, but its not nearly enough to pay for the # of interns that actually work here. Its not ok. We should set an example & grow the MRA to pay interns.Pay your interns! Itll improve your operation and make it more diverse and just. You wont be relying on privilege to subsidize staffing and your interns can do better work that theyre proud of when they arent exhausted working 2-3 jobs to subsidize one. We pay ours $15/hr.I dont care what Cruz said at CPAC, but I do care that it appears Texas was just a layover stop for him between Cancun and Orlando to drop a pack of water into someones trunk and abandon his constituents again as they get slammed with $16,000 electrical bills.Looking forward to it!Lindsey Boylan and Charlotte Bennetts detailed accounts of sexual harassment by Gov. Cuomo are extremely serious and painful to read. There must be an independent investigation - not one led by an individual selected by the Governor, but by the office of the Attorney General.Preserving the filibuster is not worth letting millions of people in this country go hungry, sleep in their cars, or struggle to afford baby formula.Watch @MondaireJones make us all so proudPlease ask yourself: when was the last time you saw next-generation, world class technology for education, healthcare, housing, etc consistently prioritized for underserved communities like this?Shout out to everyone who fought against community advocates who demanded these resources go to investments like school counseling instead. Now robotic surveillance ground drones are being deployed for testing on low-income communities of color with under-resourced schoolsWere gonna pass the #EqualityAct today, protect our LGBTQ+ family and make the world a little bit better.  Nothing is going to stop that.You could just vote no instead of trying to get out of work early. And you should probably stop using those hashtags because womens rights include trans women.Yup@RachelBitecofer People have been writing about the deeply concerning issues with the structure of DHS for a long time. This is from 3 years before I was even elected. Its not fringe to ask why FEMA & ICE are in the same Dept operation. Or question ICEs operations@RachelBitecofer Maybe Im not trying to calculate my stances in service of a positional career aspiration, but rather use my seat to advocate for what I believe is right. Challenging DHS is not an extreme, fringe view. DHS is rel. new & its Patriot Act powers have long been controversial.@AyannaPressley @RashidaTlaib @IlhanMN @CoriBush @MondaireJones @JamaalBowmanNY @JahanaHayesCT @JimmyGomezCA @katieporteroc Welcome to the family Owen!1 short term shift is requiring influx facilities w/ children to be licensed. Another issue is whether these services should be contracted out the way they are And whether facilities w/ controversial records (ex. Homestead) should even be reopened@YensidLeanna46 An immediate improvement would be to require influx facilities w/ children to be licensed. Another issue is whether these services should be contracted out the way they currently are to begin with And whether facilities w/ controversial records (eg Homestead) should be reopenedSometimes I see people respond to our current immigration policy with Well, what else can we do? Theres a lot we can do. To start, @RepJayapal has led on the Roadmap to Freedom, a framework for urgently needed changes to US immigration policy:Its only 2 mos into this admin & our fraught, unjust immigration system will not transform in that time. Thats why bold reimagination is so impt. DHS shouldnt exist, agencies should be reorganized, ICE gotta go, ban for-profit detention, create climate refugee status & more.Our immigration system is built on a carceral framework. Its no accident that challenging how we approach both these issues are considered controversial stances. They require reimagining our relationship to each other and challenging common assumptions we take for granted.This is not okay, never has been okay, never will be okay - no matter the administration or party.When members of Congress fight to set the minimum wage below a living wage, they are playing a role in creating and preserving poverty in the United States. The $15/hr proposal with multi-year phase in is already a deep compromise. $10 an hour is legislated poverty.(For the record, I pay all my interns $15/hr & my lowest paid staff is in the mid-$50s, but that comes w/choosing to have a smaller team. Many will not/cannot make that choice given the demands, but the scarcity is unnecessary- Congress shld choose to expand the MRA & pay staff)There are of course many other structural factors (including Congress itself), but low pay shuts the door for so many talented people right out of the gate that they cant accept the opportunity. Some wages are so low they essentially require generational wealth to subsidize.This is because Congress doesnt pay enough to retain working class talent. Conservatives use cutting Congress budget to score points, but this cuts staff wages so low that many cant afford to work here or need a 2nd job. Policy improves & the nation benefits when we invest.There are remarkable public servants throughout the state of Texas - just look at Houston! Thank you @RepSylviaGarcia, @JacksonLeeTX18, & @RepAlGreen for your tireless leadership and warm welcome. And thanks to the @HoustonFoodBank for their commitment to serving *all* people.@BostonTweet @hiddenboston No! Please dont be so - Eastern Standard was such an incredible place and home to so many wonderful memories..@DebHaalandNM is a profound public servant and champion for working families. Her appointment as Sec of the Interior would be historic, and her leadership holds the promise of progress for our country. Call your Senator to support her confirmation.Jeff Sessions was so openly racist that even Reagan couldnt appoint him. Manchin voted to confirm him. Sessions then targeted immigrant children for wide-scale human rights abuses w/ family separation. Yet the 1st Native woman to be Cabinet Sec is where Manchin finds unease?From the Texas Freeze & Midwest floods to California wildfires & Hurricane Mara, the climate crisis impacts us all. We must come together and act boldly to stem climate change, AND we can create 20 million+ jobs in the process. *Thats* what a #GreenNewDeal is all about.One last update (I think!): We just hit $5 million raised for Texans across the state. Thank you ALL for your collective action when people need it most. Charity cant replace policy, but solidarity is how well face climate change and build a better world.  Thank youHeat in winter and running water should not be privileged commodities for the wealthy. In a modern society, they should be rights. And we will have to fight for these rights as climate change gets worse. That means standing up to climate crisis profiteers to protect the public.@whysimonewhy Its okay I wouldve done the sameTEXANS: FEMA assistance is now available for you to apply at  Make sure you take photos , keep all receipts , and document EVERYTHING you can to rebuild. Thank you for hosting me, @RepSylviaGarcia! Extra gracias for sending me home with tamales@Booker4KY %I was, indeed, on a callWe just hit $4 million! Reps. Sylvia Garcia, Sheila Jackson Lee & Al Green of Houston are doing incredible work w/ local relief organizations to get emergency relief to Texans. Today we went to food distributions, water delivery sites, and home tours of impacted Texans.I cant believe weve surged past $3 million for Texas! Houston Food Bank is using resources like these to try to get 30,000 meal boxes out in the next TWO days. Theyre just 1 of 12 Texas orgs were now partnering with. Lets keep going! Give here:@ossoff Thank you @ossoff!We hit $3.2 MILLION in Texas relief support last night! One of the places its going is the Houston Food Bank. Im visiting Reps. @JacksonLeeTX18 & @LaCongresista with volunteers to pack meals. The bank REALLY needs helping hands. Can you join a shift?Alright Houston! We need some helping hands. The Houston Food Bank (one of our relief partners) needs volunteers tomorrow (and onward, I imagine) to help get supplies to Texans in need. Well be there. If youd like to join and help, @LaCongresistas got the link to sign upCharity isnt a replacement for good governance, but we wont turn away from helping people in need when things hit the fan. People understand that now is the time for collective action and doing what we can w/ whatever weve got.  Thank you y Palante!Weve now raised $2 MILLION in relief for Texans & are adding more orgs. Ill be flying to Texas today to visit with Houston rep Sylvia Garcia (@LaCongresista) to distribute supplies and help amplify needs & solutions. Lets see how far we can go:Thank you @BetoORourke for helping organize thousands of wellness check-in calls!Totally blown away. $1M raised in direct relief for Texans in less than a day. As a thank you to everyone who contributed & amplified, Ill be going to Texas this weekend to visit w/ @LaCongresista in Houston & highlight whats happening on the ground.Wow. We officially raised $1 million for Texas relief at 9:17pm. Thank you all so much. Im at a loss for words. Always in awe of movement work. % of this relief is going straight to Texan food assistance, homelessness relief, elder care, and more.I feel like I should do something if we hit $1M in Texas relief. What should it be? (Dont be weird pls)Holy smokes. Our Texas relief mobilization has already raised $325k for food, housing, elder care & direct relief straight to vulnerable Texans. This might be a little crazy... but can we raise $1M by midnight? % goes to Feeding Texas, ECHO & more:Fossil fuel billionaires are profiting off this nightmare. CFOs called it a jackpot. The reason GOP are scrambling to blame the Green New Deal is bc its the biggest legislative threat against the corrupt powers responsible for (& benefiting from) the suffering unfolding now.@imterribleathis Im so bummed about it virtual hearings arent the same, Im sorryTeam AOC is launching relief efforts for Texas starting today. Our first effort is a partnership w/ 5 Texas orgs getting on-the-ground relief to Texans ASAP. If youre able, please donate here - itll split your contribution to all 5. % goes to them.Yep. My turn comes up towards the very end, so anywhere between 40-70 minutes from now depending on attendance.Greyscale trick doesnt work eitherWhy even have a printer if it refuses to print black and white documents because youre out of blue ink@katekelly @GameStop Im towards the end - 3rd from last Dem.If Sen. Cruz had resigned back in January after helping gin up a violent insurrection that killed several people, he couldve taken his vacation in peace. Texans should continue to demand his resignation. But dont blame me for this, my points are on Amtrak!@thekoreanvegan @RepRaskin Cant wait to try it! thank you!@choptopmoseley Im doing 40 days for Lent but you can do whatever you want! Could be 1 day/week for 40 days. Or just one day!3. If neither of the above apply but you are in a position to give or help others in this time, please consider doing so in the spirit of Tommy. He loved the world so much and dedicated his life to reducing suffering around the world.  Thank you!1. Does anyone want to join me? Rules are 1) No judgement 2) Make it your own (you can go full 40 days, just veggie Mondays, etc 3) Be inclusive (no need to observe Lent to join) 2. Please comment w your favorite veggie recipes below! I would like to avoid 40 days of Easy MacOk everyone, I need help! A few weeks ago I told @RepRaskin that this year I wanted to adopt a vegetarian diet for Lent in memory of his son Tommy. Jamie said, Well youd have to do it the way Tommy would, which means bring people along with you!  So, I have 3 requests:@NickAPappas I hear ya. What gets left out in this convo is the massive racial wealth gap in the US. White high school dropouts are on avg wealthier than Black + Latino college grads. Education doesnt close that economic gap & loans impact higher % of Black borrowersAverage student loan debt in the US is ~$30k (LOTS have more) Many wont fully feel $10k in forgiveness until after a Biden presidency is over, when theyve spent 10 years paying off the other $20k+ Dems should be championing policy that people can feel ASAP. We need to go big.Very wealthy people already have a student loan forgiveness program. Its called their parents. The idea that millionaires and billionaires are willingly letting their kids drown in federal student loans & thats why we cant go big on forgiveness is about as silly as it sounds.Republicans could trip over their own shoelaces and theyd still find a way to blame me, immigrants, LGBTQ+ people, the Green New Deal, BLM, anything but accept responsibility for their own actions and dealings. Ineptitude, bigotry, and corruption. Disasters in their own right.Lastly, if youre comfortable w including your personal story it helps a LOT. The details of your story can illuminate policy gaps & help Reps communicate to their colleagues.  Representatives are human beings! Stories are persuasive &we can use your stories to convince others.You can be clear about your question: Does Rep A support full student loan forgiveness? (You can insert any detail/number here) Or whats Rep Bs stance on student loans? I cant seem to find it. Or I want to thank Rep C for supporting forgiveness. It means a lot to me.It can feel a little intimidating to call your reps office the 1st time, but its totally fine. The line literally exists for you (our constituents) to call us!  Some tips: Call YOUR rep! Say what neighborhood youre from if youd like & be kind! Staffers dont deserve abuse.(Care much about a given issue, that is) Alternatively, if your rep sounds on the fence or hasnt defined their stance on an issue yet, calls from constituents really can make a difference in nudging them to come out on an issue. Puts it higher on the priority list.If you feel your rep is doing the right thing, calling to thank them shows their district notices & appreciates their stance. Knowing constituents are watching & care creates positive pressure to stay strong. When you dont think your constituents care much, its easier to cave.The reason its helpful to call YOUR rep even when they are doing the right thing is because reps are under a TON of pressure all the time. Sometimes its political pressure to change a stance, but sometimes its also time pressure vs other leg and you have to choose priorities.Today is a great day to call your representative and ask what their stance on student loan forgiveness is!  And if you know & appreciate your reps stance on this or other issues, its helpful to call and thank them. You can find your reps info here:@EdMarkey Can you believe what I gotta deal with out here Ed?Very clever. I bet that took a long time to think up.Natural disasters reveal how brutal & inhumane our system of inequality is. No one should be left to fend for themselves in a natural disaster. This is why we insist on justice in climate policy. In a modern society, equity is as important as technology. We must modernize. #GNDSo many Texans are in desperate conditions without heat, water, and little relief. Gov. Abbott needs to get off TV pointing fingers & start helping people. After that, he needs to read a book on his own states energy supply. Ill be prepping TX relief emails if he needs help.The case against student loan forgiveness is looking shakier by the day. Weve got the *Senate Majority Leader* on board to forgive $50k. Bidens holding back, but many of the arguments against it just dont hold water on close inspection. We can and should do it. Keep pushing!1. Who cares what school someone went to? Entire generations of working class kids were encouraged to go into more debt under the guise of elitism. This is wrong. 2. Nowhere does it say we must trade-off early childhood education for student loan forgiveness. We can have both.Weak on sweeping next-gen public infrastructure investments, little focus on equity so communities are left behind, climate deniers in leadership so they dont long prep for disaster. We need to help people *now.* Long-term we must realize these are the consequences of inaction.The infrastructure failures in Texas are quite literally what happens when you *dont* pursue a Green New Deal.I go offline a few days and return to a GOP Gov blaming policies he hasnt even implemented for his own failures. Gov. Abbott doesnt seem to have a grasp on his state, so heres a reminder: Texas runs 80-90% on fossil fuels. The real deadly deal is his failed leadership.We stand with our Asian American & Pacific Islander community against the rising tide of racism and hate crimes that have been stoked to a fever pitch, much of amplified by the actions of our last president. Its on all of us to speak up against bigotry & protect our neighbors.My monthly town hall is about to start at 6:30pm! This months theme is COVID vaccine updates. Experts from the city and state will be joining to answer constituent questions. Stream/event details can be found on my official site and social media handles. See you soon.@RepRaskin makes us all so proud. This is truly who he is. A man of great, unabiding love for our country and our democracy, who fights for everyone and our collective future.Just a few days ago Republicans were mocking members of Congress for saying our lives were in danger on Jan 6. They spent the last month trying to trick the country into believing that their lies about our election had nothing to do w/ the attack. In fact, it was the linchpin.The debate Democrats should be having is how much *more* we should be helping people this year, not how much less.@lauriecollyer @SenSchumer Yes - its retroactive back to Jan 2020.How about we means test corporate tax breaks@SassyMamainLA Nationwide.(Sorry for the previous typo. Cold fingers! )FEMA will be operating & is authorized for $2 billion as of now. Program is retroactive & will reimburse back to January 2020. Start collecting docs now. FEMA will need expense documentation (receipts/invoices), death certificate, & docs for caller ID. Includes the undocumented.Its official. If youve lost a loved one due to COVID-19, you will soon be able to get reimbursed up to $7,000 for the expenses of laying a loved one to rest. Proud and thankful to have gotten this done with @SenSchumer, @voceslatinasQNY, @Elmcor, & @HispanicFed.Some of the same folks who said defunding huge PD budgets & shifting $ to schools is too hard to explain are now saying Well $1400 is actually $2k if you recall the $600 from a diff president, carry the 1- yes I know ads showed $2k checks, but thresholds- Just help people!If you use West Virginia cost of living #s to bring down relief for everyone, millions are left in the cold. Thats what $50k does. Cutting checks to account for Queens/higher COL overall is a win-win. Lower COL get more bang for their buck, higher COL get their needs met.The borough of Queens has a higher population than the entire state of West Virginia. We should do what helps both instead of one. If we cut relief checks to account for higher cost of living, BOTH Queens & West Virginia get help. WV actually comes out ahead due to lower COL.Some who discount our proposals by saying reps from urban & suburban areas dont get other places dont seem to apply that consideration themselves. A $50k threshold is totally disconnected from the reality of tens of millions of people. So lets talk Queens & West Virginia:@hlg1964 Contact your member of Congress. They can help you track it down. This also applies to other things like social security, etc. My staff has been able to track down lots of money for people in our community. Find your member of Congress here:The pandemic hit in 2020. We should not use 2019 income to determine relief eligibility.In conclusion, $50k is wack and we shouldnt do wack things.It would be outrageous if we ran on giving more relief and ended up doing the opposite. Its sad that this is even an argument in the Dem party. COVID relief is disaster relief, & its urgent. Our first act out of the gate should be big, bold, and strong. Not weaker & smaller.(Source:Joe Cunningham pledged to never take corporate PAC money, and he never did. Mace said shell cash every check she gets. Yet another way this is a downgrade.Whats even more gross is that Mace takes corporate PAC money. Shes already funded by corporations. Now shes choosing to swindle working people on top of it. Peak scam artistry. Caps for cashJoe Cunningham already proving to be leagues more decent + honest than Mace seems capable of. The House was far better off w/ Cunningham. Its sad to see Mace diminish the representation of her community by launching a reputation of craven dishonesty right off the bat.Pretty horrible. Well, its good to know what kind of person she is early. Also good to know that Mace is cut from the same Trump cloth of dishonesty and opportunism. Sad to see a colleague intentionally hurt other women and survivors to make a buck. Thought shed be better.Amazon workers have the right to form a union. Anti-union tactics like these, especially from a trillion-dollar company trying to disrupt essential workers from organizing for better wages and dignified working conditions in a pandemic, are wrong.We should preserve what was there and not peg it to outdated 2019 income. People need help!If conservative Senate Dems institute a lower income threshold in the next round of checks, that could potentially mean the first round of checks under Trump help more people than the first round under Biden. Do we want to do that? No? Then lets stop playing & just help people.@iamjoshfitz call your member of Congress, they can help track it downAll Dems need for the slam dunk is to do what people elected us to do: help as many people as possible. Its not hard. Lets not screw it up with austerity nonsense that squeezes the working class yet never makes a peep when tax cuts for yachts and private jets are proposed.It should be $2000 to begin w/ anyway. Brutally means-testing a $1400 round is going to hurt so many people. THAT is the risk we cant afford. Income thresholds already work in reverse & lag behind reality. Conservative Dems can ask to tax $ back later if theyre so concerned.We cannot cut off relief at $50k. It is shockingly out of touch to assert that $50k is too wealthy to receive relief. Millions are on the brink of eviction. Give too little and theyre devastated. Give too much and a single mom might save for a rainy day. This isnt hard.Imagine being a policymaker in Washington, having witnessed the massive economic, social, and health destruction over the last year, and think that the greatest policy risk we face is providing *too much* relief. Sounds silly, right? $1.9T should be a floor, not a ceiling.@AndrewYang @TweetBenMax @RitchieTorres Thanks @AndrewYang! Happy to chat about the plan details and the community effort thats gone into this legislation.@TweetBenMax @AndrewYang @RitchieTorres I wrote the original Green New Deal for Public Housing, which was written carefully w/ NYCHA residents, advocates, & building trades to create over 30k jobs in the city and revamp public housing. This isnt that plan. The original work is here:Or @CoriBushs powerful account of barricading in with her staff and the collective decision they made that if white supremacists breached their office, they had already come too far in the Movement for Black Lives to go down without a fight:Or @RashidaTlaibs story of what her threats have looked like and how theyve escalated from the moment she got to Washington, and how she feels responsible for the safety of her staff:They dont want you to hear stories like @RepDeanPhillips, who yesterday spoke to his gut instinct to blend the floor w/GOP lawmakers bc he knew the mob was coming for Dems, & affirmed the stark reality that his colleagues of color didnt have that luxury:The reason some GOP are trying to sow false doubt about accounts of the Capitol attack is bc they know how powerful the testimony really is. Each story reveals more details + the need for accountability. You can see mine here:  & others on CSPAN belowThank you everyone for your puppy content today!  Heres Deco from his first time camping and turning into a dinosaurThis was incredibly powerful and moving. Thank you, @RepDeanPhillips.Not only did I never make this claim, but I would never, ever do this. What Greene is doing pumping this lie to her insurrectionist base is making them feel justified in further violence. The prospect of stripping her committees clearly isnt quelling her. She must be expelled.@NancyMace Im not discounting your experience, Im just fact checking statements you never made and insinuating you said them Great job Mace Hope youre proud of how quickly you are to throw other survivors under the bus for a moment of personal gain. Enjoy your Fox News hits.@SmallTownPundit Itll be available on CSPAN, which archives footage online for later viewing. If you follow our official Congressional accounts (usually they have rep in front of them - mine is @RepAOC) Im sure many clips will also be reposted.As I said earlier this week, my story of the attack on our Capitol is not the only story,nor is it the central story. It is just one of 100s of stories. Tonight, we will start to hear more on the House floor. I invite all colleagues who wish to share to join our special order.Bronx residents - you can get a vaccine appointment at Yankee Stadium next week!Last night House Republicans gave a standing ovation to their GOP colleague who then went on the floor today to equate journalistic media outlets with QAnon. These are the beliefs and actions they work to protect. Its also a predictable outcome of 0 accountability for the 6th.How many food workers or custodial workers or Capitol Police officers, who ran for their lives in Longworth or feared for their families in the weeks after the attacks, now think their terror is less valid because of her statements? Maces attacks are attacks on them, too.This is where the true damage of what @NancyMace is doing comes in. How many survivors are watching her? Who now, seeing her, wont get care or will feel further shame or silence? Who wont speak up bc they know there are voices in leadership ready to minimize their experiences?All I can think of w/ folks like her dishonestly claiming that survivors are exaggerating are the stories of veterans and survivors in my community who deny themselves care they need & deserve bc they internalize voices like hers saying what they went through wasnt bad enoughWild that @NancyMace is discrediting herself less than 1 mo in office w/ such dishonest attacks. She *went on record* saying she barricaded in fear. @NancyMace who elses experiences will you minimize?Capitol Police in Longworth? Custodial workers who cleaned up shards of glass?This was what you were saying just a few weeks ago. Now youre contradicting your own account to attack me for Fox News clicks. Its honestly pretty sad to see you turn around like this and throw other people under the bus. Thought youd be better.This is a deeply cynical & disgusting attack, @NancyMace. As the Capitol complex was stormed and people were being killed, none of us knew in the moment what areas were compromised. You previously told reporters yourself that you barricaded in your office, afraid youd be hurt.@NancyMace This is a deeply cynical & disgusting attack, @NancyMace. As the Capitol complex was stormed & people were being killed, none of us knew in the moment what areas were compromised. You previously told reporters yourself that you barricaded in your office, afraid youd be hurt.Sen. @MarshaBlackburn, you were more than comfortable going on TV to disparage me as a House member, so your excuse here doesnt add up. If you dont support these racist, antisemitic conspiracy theories coming from your GOP House colleagues, why wont you denounce them?The sad thing about disinformation is that once the truth comes out, the damage has already been done. People have already been misled, radicalized & believe lies to a point where their hatred has brewed to violence. Thats what led to the 6th, and its happening right now.Honestly what message were Republicans trying to send by appointing to the Education and Labor Committee a woman who believes the Sandy Hook shooting was fake and mocks Parkland survivors? Individuals dont get final say in cmtes. GOP leadership *picked* that assignment for her.This is all to say that survivors are watching. Loved ones are watching. They may share their story tomorrow, or in months or years. Or they may never. Speaking vitriol towards other survivors hurts you & your loved ones. Bc dismissers rob themselves of meaningful relationships.To be honest, every step of the way there were affirmers - @RepKatiePorter offering safety, @AyannaPressley pressing the pause button to acknowledge trauma, the courage of @Biaggi4NY, @yuhline, @CatalinaCruzNY & many others to tell their stories publicly helped me share mine.I really wrestled w telling my story, & had decided about a week ago that it probably wasnt worth it. Then I had dinner with Sen. @Biaggi4NY. I told her everything because I knew she was a survivor. She helped me see the importance of sharing my story of the Capitol and trauma.You may not know that you know a survivor, but its highly likely that you do. Survivors of trauma are close to you. They are people you love & you may not know. Many decide whether their story is safe with someone by how they respond to other survivors. Dont push them away.Yall! Today is @AyannaPressleys birthday! One of the greatest to ever do it. Brilliant leader. Fearless champion. Masterful legislator. Uplifter. Organizer. She is everything. Please join me in wishing her a happy birthday!@JackPosobiec This isnt a fact check at all. Your arrows arent accurate. They lie about where the mob stormed & place them further away than it was. You also fail to the convey *multiple* areas people were trying to storm. It wasnt 1. You also failed to show tunnels. Poor job all around.It is also very damning and revealing that the GOP is now digging both heels in a discrediting campaign. Its because they know they are implicated, so theyre pivoting to (again) the classic abuse playbook of its not as bad as they say. It was that bad. Its actually worse.People were trying to rush and infiltrate our office buildings - thats why we had to get evacuated in the first place. The attempts of attackers & publicly available communications show how they tried to gain access and share location info on finding members for physical harm.This is the latest manipulative take on the right. They are manipulating the fact that most people dont know the layout the Capitol complex. We were all on the Capitol complex - the attack wasnt just on the dome. The bombs Trump supporters planted surrounded our offices too.To survivors of any trauma who worry about being believed, or that their situation wasnt bad enough or too bad, or fear being branded or deemed manipulative for telling the truth: I see you. Community is here for you. You are safe with me, & with all of us. You are loved!Good morning everyone!  Im teaching my once-a-term digital / social media session for members of Congress today. Help me help them! What do you wish you saw more of digitally from your elected officials? Whos doing a great job that you think others can learn from? Lmk@RavMABAY Thank you RabbiRepublicans demanding that accountability is divisive and that we must move on from the attack on our country without recourse are taking a page from the playbooks of abusers. Its sadly unsurprising. After 4 years of fealty to Trump, it seems many GOP have turned into him.Senator Ted Cruz deliberately and knowingly amplified specific lies fueling violent attackers. In doing so, he contributed to the carnage of Jan 6th. His actions since show that if given similar political opportunity, he would choose to do it again. He must resign. Texans agree.@IlhanMNThank you @katieporteroc for holding it down that day youre a wonderful friendThanks for making the space for me, and hope we can all make space for others to tell their stories in the weeks to come. And to those who wish to paper over their misdeeds by rushing us to all move on - we can move on when the individuals responsible are held to account.My story isnt the only story, nor is it the central story of what happened on Jan 6th. It is just one story of many of those whose lives were endangered at the Capitol by the lies, threats, and violence fanned by the cowardice of people who chose personal gain above democracy.@zacharybooth @kylegriffin1 Probably around 9Imagine thinking that healthcare is a human right vs white supremacist conspiracy theories are two views just as extreme as the otherCongratulations Sen. @JabariBrisport!  From public school teacher to the New York State Senate, we are all so proud of your journey and dedication to bringing so many along with you in the spirit of building a New York for the many. Lets go!@CoriBush @GOPLeader We got your backMoving offices is a huge and disruptive effort. Honestly it shouldnt even be Rep. Bush that has to move and endure all this, it should be Greene - she is the one that posing a threat to others around her..@GOPLeader has a responsibility to ensure his members do not harm others. He is losing control of his caucus & allowing these threats to go unchecked, while looking the other way as members like @CoriBush feel so unsafe that she must move offices just 3 weeks into her 1st term.The fact that the Republican Party will not take decisive action against white supremacists & knowingly endorsed candidates who believe Muslim Americans shouldnt serve in Congress & posted threatening images holding firearms next to Dem members of Congress is extremely alarming.A reminderYupAnd were back!Sorry yall were trying to fix the audio! Be back in a fewAnd were live!@alexisgoldstein also joining!@alexisgoldstein Awesome! Well see what we can set up in timeTwitch Update! @chamath will be joining me along with TheStockGuy to offer some updates and insight. Might be more to comeWe need healing + unity, but I will not take any responsibility for my actions, nor will I acknowledge the contributions my lies made to the violence or the harm that it caused, nor do I believe anyone should be held accountable. But if youre mad at that youre divisive. - GOPOh, theres anger? Now why would there be anger that Cruz amplified known lies about our election that fueled an insurrection that cost ppls lives? What does he think the logical response to his lies should be? A hug? Maybe theres anger bc his actions deserve accountability.Ill be hopping on Twitch at 8:30pm tonight to discuss todays developments with GameStop and retail trading. Might have a guest or two join - well see. See you there!You havent even apologized for the serious physical + mental harm you contributed to from Capitol Police & custodial workers to your own fellow members of Congress. In the meantime, you can get off my timeline & stop clout-chasing. Thanks. Happy to work with other GOP on this.While you conveniently talk about moving on, a second Capitol police officer lost their life yesterday in the still-raging aftermath of the attacks you had a role in. This isnt a joke. We need accountability, and that includes a new Senator from Texas.I am happy to work with Republicans on this issue where theres common ground, but you almost had me murdered 3 weeks ago so you can sit this one out. Happy to work w/ almost any other GOP that arent trying to get me killed. In the meantime if you want to help, you can resign.Inquiries into freezes should not be limited solely to Robinhood. This is a serious matter. Committee investigators should examine any retail services freezing stock purchases in the course of potential investigations - especially those allowing sales, but freezing purchases.This is unacceptable. We now need to know more about @RobinhoodApps decision to block retail investors from purchasing stock while hedge funds are freely able to trade the stock as they see fit. As a member of the Financial Services Cmte, Id support a hearing if necessary.@4lisaguerrero Thanks! Ive actually been trying some new drugstore items in my skincare. The Cerave Vit C serum is legit! I tried a fancier one before that but it turned orange too fast. Ive also been using either the Cerave tinted sunscreen or @iliabeauty super serum w/ a little powder.Republican members of Congress dont want consequences for white supremacy or insurrection against the United States because their political strategy is to embrace white supremacists and the scepter of the Confederacy to get power in the first place.Anyways, Tax the RichGotta admit its really something to see Wall Streeters with a long history of treating our economy as a casino complain about a message board of posters also treating the market as a casinoIts almost as if we helped shape the platformPeople must understand the depth of whats happening here: the President of the United States has ordered a halt to deportations. ICE, a federal agency, is refusing to comply. Theres no reforming this rogue dept. Its time for a new, just vision.  #FreeMariana & #AbolishICE@1Mind_the_Gap Donations are super helpful! Weve got the link here:Quick update on our Homework Helper program: I was just assigned my first family!  Ill be tutoring a 1st grader on reading & writing for 1 hr/week for the next 4 weeks. Any tips out there on helping kids learn how to sound out words? Let me know! :)This Obama-era rule was reversed under Trump. Its great that its being restored so quickly. We can and should organize for more. Its time to push so we can also end for-profit immigrant detention, abolish the death penalty, reduce overall incarceration, & more.This is great development & important step. Theres more to be done to end the for-profit caging of people in the US. We must include ending for-profit immigrant detention & examine the use of for-profit services that squeeze families of the incarcerated in public prisons, too.Quick question: If someone helped bomb a building or incited an assassination attempt on Congress, do you think they should face trial? Its a simple yes or no. Yes = Impeachment No = You have 0 integrity to speak on our justice system, terrorism, & policing ever again@RubenGallego Let the record reflect I was a close second! but yeah you were crazy goodI dunno, if youre a politician that thinks ending discrimination is divisive, you might not want to publicly advertise thatIf Republicans have suddenly begun to deeply value and prioritize bipartisanship in Washington, they can start by supporting $2k checks and retroactive unemployment for people. Then it will be bipartisanListening to them, youd really think some Conservatives interpret the right to free speech as I have the right to be liked, accepted, and popular no matter what I say, who I endanger, or how much I lieYou were given prime space to say this in a billionaire-run rag that specifically amplifies right-wing views, part of a entire subsidized industry of right-wing outlets. Youre not muzzled, Hawley. Youre just deeply unpopular, and aided insurrection. And you need to resign.@GrahamAllen_1 After the guard was allowed back into the Capitol, I sent a team of three to hand deliver snacks at the Capitol since the resting spot was restored. Theres no timestamp on this post, but its possible they may have visited while our team was in the Capitol making the delivery.Hawley is Senator of Missouri. His constituents are ALL the people of Missouri - which is the same state that JUST elected sister @CoriBush, the first Black woman to ever represent MO in Congress. So Hawley really needs to clarify who he considers a constituent & who he doesnt.Sen. Hawley is trying to wiggle out of inciting a riot that killed 5 by saying I was just representing my constituents - but only those who wish to overturn the election and resurrect the Confederacy.Our food produce workers wanted a $1 raise after risking their lives in COVID. They were denied, asked to pay more for healthcare, & told youre lucky to even have a job. So they went on strike. Community supported them. Now theyre getting a $1.85 raise and $0 out of pocket.The Bronx does it betterLets go!Another night on the picket line with @TeamstersJC16 and you never know who youre going to meet  HUGE thank you to @PadmaLakshmi who showed up in solidarity with produce workers and delivered pizza to keep the party bumping. Happy to help hand it out!@HondaWang @sicknerpe @JonahFurman Padma donated them!They deleted it. Still gotta let them unionize thoughOn one hand you have to laugh, and on the other know that the reason they were this brazen is because they thought they were going to succeed.Just wanted to incriminate myself a little Well, you did!Cool meme now you have to let your workers unionize@KajiDousa @WhiteHouse @VP @NewSanctuaryNYC @AlOtroLado_Org @RAICESTEXAS Ill follow up and see if weve started a case for him@AndrewBellBNN Jerky, cookies, goldfish, fruit snacks, chips, etcUpdate Part 2: The snacks have been delivered!@JoannaFantozzi Its already passed and signed into law - we tucked it into the last COVID bill Trump signed.For people asking: yes! We secured COVID funeral cost reimbursements nationwide. This effort was inspired by my district, but the legislation covers all impacted families in the United States. More details to come as FEMA finalizes distribution details.@WheresMyArk_23 It is country-wide!My dad passed away when I was a teen, & I had to arrange his services. The funeral expenses were part of the financial devastation, and I never wanted anyone else to experience that. There is so much left to do. As we fight on M4A & more, this was a small yet crucial victory.As soon as the FEMA distribution details are finalized, well share with you all how to get this needed relief. Our aim is for all COVID losses to be eligible. Thank you @Elmcor, @SenSchumer, @RepBarbaraLee, and the many other partners in this process to get this done.After many months of work, in the tumult of the late Dec COVID package we were finally able to work in FEMA funeral reimbursement for everyone in the country who lost a loved one due to COVID. Current status: $2 billion has been approved, and FEMA is now setting up the program.This effort began with Elmhurst community leaders flagging early the disparate impact of COVID cases compounded w/ the devastating economic impact of funeral expenses. We got to work right away, and partnered w/ @SenSchumer to prioritize it in relief.After our BX+Queens district became the most COVID-hit in the country, I spent much of last year working on an issue that was devastating our families: funeral costs. We finally got it done. People will soon be able to get COVID funeral costs reimbursed.myself, @IlhanMN, & @RashidaTlaib*GOP lawmakers campaigned with images of them cocking guns next to photos of myself,  Now they are trying to violate DC law and House rules to sneak guns onto the House floor two weeks after a white supremacist insurrection that killed 5 people. Why?@KristinMinkDC Hope you and baby are doing well!Update: looks like theyre letting them back into the Capitol. The offer on snacks, etc still stands!Rep. Malliotakis deliberately amplified a known lie and tried to overturn our election on it, which incited an insurrection of white supremacists that killed 5 people. Her district is 30-40% people of color. How safe do you think they feel under her leadership? This is shameful.Top winter picket line accessories: Bullhorn Gloves Handwarmers Solidarity Shout out @TeenVogue for covering these important issues with the depth that they deserve. Lets get these produce workers the buck theyre asking for.Yeah this is not okay. My office is free this week to any service members whod like to use it for a break or take nap on the couch. Well stock up on snacks for you all too. (Were in the middle of moving offices and its a bit messy so dont judge, but make yourself at home!)@bendelacreme Love you back!Nice tweet Sen. Cruz! Quick question: do you also believe the Geneva Convention was about the views of the citizens of Geneva? Asking for everyone who believes US Senators should be competent and not undermine our elections to incite insurrection against the United States!!!OK now lets cancel themIts embarrassing that a corporation enjoying pandemic profits, millions in PPP & more in tax giveaways is fighting a $1 raise for essential workers whove risked their lives all year to feed us. Its time we stand up for essential workers everywhere. Thank you @TeamstersJC16See you there! #HuntsPointStrikeStocking up on Bustelo + hot chocolate to support the picket line of @TeamstersJC16 workers later! Hundreds are on strike at Hunts Point Market in the Bronx for a $1 raise. They need our support! Check out their story & thank a food worker todayA historic day. Congratulations to our new President @JoeBiden and our new Vice President @KamalaHarris. Now we must begin creating justice, healing our planet, and improving the material conditions for all people. The work is on all of us to organize and build a better future.Abolish ICE.@KatieHerringt13 Try starting with Why We Cant Wait - it is short, but very powerful. Fits in a small purse or big pocket :) Letter from a Birmingham Jail is one of the excerpts from Why We Cant Wait (I find that the letter is more impactful as written within the context of the book).You can join @JumaaneWilliams, @AyannaPressley, @ninaturner, @JamaalBowmanNY for a reading of the Drum Major Instinct today:MLK deserves actual study. If you havent had the chance to, use today to take in his work. Places to start- Speeches: - Drum Major Instinct - To the Mountaintop - Beyond Vietnam Books: - Why We Cant Wait - Where Do We Go From Here: Chaos or Community? - All Labor Has DignityI imagine you already know that I am much more socialistic in my economic theory than capitalistic... - MLK Jr...and Thomas Jefferson?: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal ..." So the question is not whether we will be extremists, but what kind. - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr....was not Jesus an extremist for love?: "Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you...But though I was initially disappointed at being categorized as an extremist, as I continued to think about the matter I gradually gained a measure of satisfaction from the label...The problems of racial injustice and economic injustice cannot be solved without a radical redistribution of political and economic power.  - MLK Jr.@AppleTreeDay I this!Imagining a better future, whether it includes gigantic house parties or just more hugs, helps humans cope with difficult times.Just a penguin dance throwback from the before times  Today in the NYT theres a story about how imagining activities & scenes to look forward to can help us with difficult times during the pandemic. Im looking forward to big dinners w/ friends & live shows. How about you?Abolish the death penalty.Jans all clear, folks! I can vouch for her, she was mentoring me in the womens reading room that week.@mic_mic_bungeez Yes! @OpenSecretsDC is a good one. Heres my page, but you can look up anyones.  Look at the PAC section under business. Thats where corporate PAC money can be found. Note: the top contributors section is NOT it,those are often employee donationsAny members who voted to overturn the election* but also some have indicated they may suspend political donations in general, at least for the time beingThe way you can tell if a company actually means it is if they say they arent giving to any members PERIOD or at bare minimum this *cycle.* Reminder you can also elect members who dont take corporate money at all, & are funded by small dollar donations from everyday peopleThe issue w this is that donations are not done by months, theyre measured by election cycles. Its pretty normal for a member to not get a max-out check in the first 6 mos. This announcement doesnt mean much bc they can still max out to ppl who undermined the election in JulyI can say with 100% confidence I didnt give any Capitol tours to anyone last week. Any Republicans out there who want to join us in answering this question?To my Bronx & Queens constituents: if you havent heard or seen in your inbox, due to the events of this week Im convening an emergency town hall starting at 6:30pm to answer your questions. Check @RepAOC for details or your inbox if youre subscribed to our NY-14 newsletter.These GOP lawmakers trying to backtrack like I was NOT voting to overturn the election with a lie I fed my white supremacist base, I was simply amplifying concerns that challenge the legitimacy of Black electorates in Philadelphia and Detroit and Latino electorates in ArizonaHey Sen @HawleyMO, I hate to break it to you, but this is, in fact, you. You raised your fist in solidarity with white supremacists who attacked our Capitol. While you may politically regret what youve revealed about yourself, you still have no place in public office. Resign.Unemployment benefits should be retroactive too.People really twist themselves into knots giving platforms to white supremacists and their enablers like come on everyone, we must listen to both sides equally: fact and fiction@cmclymer Bronx veterans, too! Our district includes both boroughs :)On a lighter note there was also another viral photoshopped tweet about my shoes () but also now ppl are asking if I need shoes no thanks. That was fake too! Sometimes when people call me extreme I wonder how many fake Facebook stories/posts theyve been exposed toFYI there is (yet another) viral misinformation campaign going on, this time a false tweet thats been photoshopped to look like I sent out a call for a purge. Unsurprisingly its circulating like wildfire on FB & Twitter. This is one way death threats & targeting ramp up.Thats a lot of words for I wanted to be President and thought trying to overturn the election would tee me up to be the rightful heir to Trumps violent mobFor two years many of us have been subject to extremely violent threats, attempts, stalkers, & targeted misinfo. When I went to the border, there was a mob w/ knives & guns feet away and CBP refused to protect the delegation. What did we do? We did the press conference anyways.One thing that always astounds me is the GOPs talent for neglecting key issues until it affects them personally. They couldnt care less when Trump used his mob to put their colleagues lives in danger, yet are only noticing how bad it is when the threats been turned on them.@LaurenHitt @QueensEagle We dont know himTo my colleagues in Congress - heres a novel thought: instead of pledging allegiance to your donor class or a violent mob, why dont you cast your vote based on the right thing to do? You either defend ALL the people or you protect that mob. Its really not that complicated.I dont want to hear these coup-supporting GOP talk about blue lives ever again. They never cared about safety. Never cared about law & order. And certainly do not care for democracy. They only care for power, & invited chaos in an effort seize it. They are unfit to serve.@mattbc Always looking for ways to better include itA lot of people have asked for a link to last nights remarks on IG live. Here are the remarks in full (captioning currently being generated):Many of them rode the wave of this violent rhetoric, or at the very least sat idly by it. Now is our chance to stop it. This is what we are sent to Congress to do - the tough stuff. All the easy choices are taken. If any GOP need advice on how to deal with it, they can call me.I get it, but some of us just spent the last 2 years taking stances that have led to repeated attempts on our lives - for demanding guaranteed healthcare, immigrant justice, etc. Sorry if this lacks empathy, but its a privilege if this is their first time. They can do one vote.(No offense to ants )To some of my colleagues who clearly need the reminder: the Confederacy were traitors to our democracy and white supremacists will never win.  If any of you has trouble with that, maybe you should resign because youre not ready to run an ant farm, let alone serve in Congress.Even if one assumes this as some totally innocent oversight, how does the department responsible remove ALL the panic buttons from a highly visible members office and NOT inform that member or their staff?@JevanShevu The chaplain is almost always around for counsel during votes. You can just talk to them and tell them whats on your heart without it being a party line thing. You can also joke around with them and just be a human@JevanShevu It is a long-standing tradition dating back to the Second Continental Congress (mtg body of the 13 colonies) and the House cites the Constitution in its authority to name them. Sometimes there are guest faith leaders from a diversity of practices that offer the opening prayer@abbaskins Id say thats a fair way to put it. Pence was given an ultimatum, we are holding our end of the bargain by going on the record with our request, and if nothing changes we move to impeachment tomorrow.@amboy00 They walk over the articles to the Senate & present the case for impeachment. The Senate essentially turns into a kind of court where Senators are the jury. Think of impeachment managers as the legal prosecutors the House sends over to argue the case for why Trump is guilty.@Acefreak95 There are parts of the House floor that arent always viewable on CSPAN & sometimes members do hang out and vote from those areas. But also theres usually a LOT of things happening at once (like committee hearings) so members are in committees or doing other things. Also COVID@hiimcubes If the required threshold of votes isnt met, the vote fails - even if its bc people didnt show up or voted present. You have to bring it up for another vote again to pass it.@blakemoris A few reasons: Sometimes its to get members on the record, so ppl cant make excuses later. Sometimes these votes create real political pressure that forces developments. Sometimes we vote for the historical record - to let future generations know we did everything we could.@collins_mi1 - First round is the RULE to define debate - Debate happens and takes a few hours - Second round is to actually vote on the resolution telling Pence to invoke the 25th amendment@shapscott @PramilaJayapal We added a rule which allows members impacted by COVID to vote by proxy on the House floor. That means members do not have to choose btwn their / their familys health & showing up to a crowded, indoor vote. They can vote safely and quarantine if necessary. We @PramilaJayapal@halevader Im fighting to extend resources, hazard pay, counseling, etc to them after Weds attack. This is an uphill battle bc many essential workers (esp food service) are not employed by the Capitol but rather are contract employees. That shouldnt be an excuse - were pushing anyway(Feel free to add any other questions you have on House procedure here - Im happy to answer with what Ive learned)@eleanor_5678 Its kind of confusing but basically House floor votes arent just the bill you want to vote on. The RULE defines how the legislation is packaged and debated prior to voting. For example, the RULE we just voted on includes a provision that allows us to criticize Trump in debate.@eleanor_5678 Sure! Basically before you have any vote on legislation, we often need a procedural vote 1st. Today the BIG vote is on a RESOLUTION, (think of this as a Congressional message). The RESOLUTION is telling Mike Pence to invoke the 25th amendment. We just voted on the RULE for that.@certaintragedy @thecoolidge A fewThe 15 min time is off because the House is voting according to COVID protocols. Normally, we have 15 mins for all members to run over to the floor to vote (sometimes they leave it open a few mins longer). Due to social distancing, members vote in groups so votes can take ~1hr.@PenaSays @PS17Queens Confidence - ! Enthusiasm - ! Vision - ! Inspiration - ! Go Magdalena! Go PS17! We love you and are rooting for you!@PS17Queens I love it! Good luck to Magdalena and every student throwing their hat in the ring to serve and help othersI have one message to members of Congress who amplified lies to undermine our democracy, encouraged an attack on our Capitol, and tried to overturn our election: Resign. If your lust for power exceeds your dedication to democracy, there is simply no place for you in Congress.All these GOP pro-police slogans were never actually abt safety. It was always abt upholding a system of state violence that targets Black ppl & ppl of color. You can tell by how regularly GOP members defend crimes, reject accountability, & push officers when *they* want to.Its almost as though GOP members promoting videos of themselves illegally carrying firearms on Capitol grounds, posting images of themselves holding guns next to Democratic members,& inciting an attack on the Capitol has consequences! Naturally, GOP are crying & playing victim.Good morning  Lies are not differences of opinion. Have a great day!As it always has.Five people died and we just learned another officer lost his life. Yet GOPs central focus right now are their Twitter counts. I bet many dont even follow their communitys COVID numbers as closely. This narcissism and nihilism succinctly captures the leadership they offer.Free advice - if you are losing tens of thousands of followers the moment Twitter starts taking down Neo-Nazis and violent insurrectionists, maybe dont advertise that! Also maybe people are unfollowing you out disgust for your support of a coupist bc they care about our countryThe elected officials who amplified & repeated known lies about our elections served as drum corps to insurrectionists. The drum major in the House was @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy. Rep. McCarthy bears unique, elevated responsibility in all this chaos. He must resign.These Republicans are not asking for unity. They are requesting capitulation to a deeply unwell and volatile man. That will not heal or unify anything.  Accountability, rule of law, and removal of clear & present dangers are what will help stabilize the present situation.As the Vice Chair of the Oversight subcommittee who ran investigations into domestic terror laws, I respectfully disagree. Our problems on Wednesday werent that there werent enough laws, resources, or intelligence. We had them, & they were not used. Its time to find out why.One of your first votes in Congress was to amplify a known lie about our nations free elections that incited a riot that killed a Capitol Police officer. Theres no crawling back from that with a hashtag. You brought shame to our delegation and the district you represent.@tedcruz Pull the Clerk record. I proudly voted for the resolution against antisemitism you cite. Your statements are not founded in fact..@tedcruz again, you are lying. Pull the Clerk record. I proudly voted for the resolution against antisemitism you cite. Your statements are growing increasingly erratic and unfounded in fact. I do not call all my opponents Nazis. But rest assured, Neo-Nazis are my opponents.Since it appears GOP leaders need a reminder: There is no healing from this without accountability. And there is no unity with white supremacists. You know the Presidents state has devolved dangerously. If youre too weak to do anything about it, youre too weak to serve.Lets be very clear. The officials urging for no serious consequences after Wednesdays attack on our country - including the impeachment, removal, expulsion, and/or indictment of officials who aided, abetted, or incited the attack - are opening the door for it to happen again.Your GOP colleague in the House praised Hitler this week. A Confederate flag was hung outside the Museum of Jewish Heritage. Yet you continue to deny this clear connection in the aftermath of Wednesdays violence. You disgrace yourself and your office further every day. Resign.They wore Auschwitz shirts, erected gallows, and tried to hang the Vice President. Your continued excusal and denial of Wednesdays Neo-Nazi presence is abhorrent and dangerous. The most healing and unifying thing *you* can do is take responsibility for your actions and resign.We stand with our Jewish neighbors & loved ones, and will always stand to protect them from these sickening acts of hatred + intimidation. White supremacists should pack up their garbage & get out of our city. New York does not and will never welcome you. We protect each other.@GrimKim Swaths of rioters were staying at DC hotels that go for hundreds a night.Good to see this development from @Apple. @GooglePlay what are you going to do about apps being used to organize violence on your platform?What are @Apple and @GooglePlay doing about this?I am calling on Congress and currently working on measures to extend resources, healthcare, counseling, and hazard pay to all Capitol custodial, food service, and support staff after Wednesdays attack. Everyone who was there needs support.To my GOP colleagues: know that this President incited an insurrection against and incited his mob to find, harm, and possibly kill not just Democrats, but you, too. He *will* allow opportunities of physical harm against you if you arent sufficiently loyal to him. Remove him.Move on? Moving on does not mean forget about it, @LindseyGrahamSC. Moving on requires accountability. Attacking our nation without recourse or responsibility isnt moving on. A Capitol Police officer just died. Why are you defending this?You fist-pumped insurrectionists and baselessly attacked our elections. Your actions fueled a riot and you fundraised in the chaos. Five people are dead. Even your GOP colleagues have distanced from your acts. Yet here you are crying over a book deal. You should be expelled.Trump and his team are trying to cover their actions yesterday and avoid being identified for inciting an attack on Congress. He is a clear + present danger as long as he is in office. Reports are indicating that he is unwell and getting worse. He must be removed from office.Trump did NOT immediately send out the National Guard. No initial presence. Clashes began ~1:20pm. The breach happened (roughly) around 2/2:30. Around 3:38pm, DC council tweeted their request for National Guard was DENIED. When NG was approved, Trump wasnt cited in decision.Resign.Your complete refusal to acknowledge any of the above harm, wrongdoing, or even misjudgement; & your lack of any self-reflection in how these acts contributed to yesterdays chaos is alarming. It is unbecoming of any elected official and makes you unfit for the office you occupy.Oh - youre accusing me of lying? Isnt this you? Your campaign sent out this fundraising message as people were sieging the Capitol. You claimed to be leading the fight to reject electors. Clashes started around 1:20pm. This message was sent after the Capitol was breached.@ryangrim @RepMaxineWaters This is exactly what was told to my team when we reached out days prior to the attack. Practically verbatim.At this late a stage, resignations help little beyond serving as late attempts at self-preservation. If Sec. Chao objects to yesterdays events this deeply, she should be working the Cabinet to invoke the 25th amendment - not abdicating the seat that allows her to do so.Sen. Cruz, you must accept responsibility for how your craven, self-serving actions contributed to the deaths of four people yesterday. And how you fundraised off this riot. Both you and Senator Hawley must resign. If you do not, the Senate should move for your expulsion.You can see further here. Either way, we do not have the luxury of time.Articles of impeachment have already been drafted and are ready for introduction. They were prepared and finalized by @IlhanMN while she was extracted in a secure location, and members are signing on.If the 25th amendment is not invoked today, Congress must reconvene immediately for impeachment and removal proceedings.Additionally, Congress must pass @RepCoris resolution to investigate for sanction and expulsion any member of Congress who helped incite this attack on our nation.Our republic is in great danger, and it is imperiled further without swift action to protect it. The President incited an attack on Congress. He is deeply unstable. The Cabinet must invoke the 25th amendment. Congress must also pursue impeachment and removal of the President.@UptownBronxDSA @RepAOC @JamaalBowmanNY @RepEspaillat @RitchieTorres Already on it.Impeach.Sorry for the earlier comma typo. Its been a day.Was barricaded in for several hours. Ill tell yall about it later. For now, we must focus on task at hand: to preserve the integrity of our democracy, hold accountable those responsible for their attempts to subvert our nations elections and shred our Constitution apart.Im okay.Feliz Da de Reyes!   Trajeron al pas dos asientos y el senadoAnd @GovRicketts if the reporting about denying vaccine access to undocumented workers is fake news, I am happy to be corrected by you publicly stating that all undocumented Nebraskans, including meatpacking workers, will have access to the vaccine. Thank you!Given that I want EVERY Nebraskan to have vaccine access, including *every* meatpacker and not just *some*, I think I care about more Nebraskans than even Ricketts does.Hello! Its a new day! Whos ready to PUSH?  Ready to PUSH for retroactive COVID relief? And to PUSH for student loan cancellation? For climate justice? Healthcare? Voting rights? Ending the death penalty? What policies do you most want to PUSH for?Good morningTwo additional ways to thank them: 1. Send a small donation their way  2. Go down the list & follow their accounts. Listen + learn from them and amplify them in the off-season, when your backing means a lot and goes a long way.Thank an organizer.If you can, please thank the tireless work of GA organizers tonight by sending a donation their way &/or following them. Their nonstop work isnt just for campaign season. Its 24/7 for communities. Weve set up a split donation here (100% goes to them):Thank you @BMVProject Thank you @GAMVPThank you @BlackVotersMtrThank you @NewGAProject Thank you @fairfightaction Thank you @ConMijente Thank you @GALEOorg Thank you @AsianAAF Thank you @songpowerc4 Thank you to ALL the people and grassroots organizations doing the thankless, often-overlooked, mission-critical work of change.Thank an organizer.@itsbecrose Me too@JRossQNZ Haha I can make a few calls! Are there any intersections or areas that you think are particularly sparse?Thanks, Ro! :)@tylerahazard @AkilahObviously Last year our investigations brought certain Rx drugs generic early bc we exposed that the patent actually belonged to the public We also went after + gotfrom military contractors (@RoKhanna led that one!) & exposed Trump tax. That was w/ waived status. Now we can turn it up.@tylerahazard @AkilahObviously I was a waived on instead of a full primary members. Waived members can be cut & do not accrue seniority standing, among other factors. We are now full primary members. That means we are locked in and accrue standing, which allows us to better lead & launch investigations.Imagine being so racist that you go out of your way to ensure that the people who prepare *your* food are unvaccinated.Wow: ConMijente has contacted EVERY Latino voter in GA!  Weve been telling yall: @ConMijente no juegan. This is the power of organizing, and why weve been proud to support them along w/ @NewGAProject, @fairfightaction & many others. GEORGIA: tomorrows the day! VOTETommy was an incredible, remarkable man. Thank you @RepRaskin and Sarah Raskin for this beautiful and deeply loving tribute, and for sharing it with the world.Mahalo to you and your little ones for teaching us some Hawaiian words, @kaikahele! Felicidades to you and your beautiful family on this momentous and historic day.Two years ago, I walked my family to the Capitol steps and bussed down community from the Bronx & Queens as I was sworn in for the first time as a member of Congress. I so wish you all could have been here today, but thankfully you sent another kind of family :) Lets do thisLets go!On the eve of the 117th Congress, I want to thank the Bronx & Queens for entrusting me with the sacred responsibility of advancing a better world in House, and recognize the relentless work and dedication of the organizers who made this day happen. Remember: You are the answer.Thank you for your years of admirable service and advocacy for the Bronx, @RepJoseSerrano. I will miss our chats about the Bronx and Boricua history on the House floor. Thank you for paving the way.These Senators are engaged in a selfish attempt to shred our Constitution and dismantle our democracy. In doing so, they are also baselessly challenging the same ballots sending them to Congress. It is pathetic, and yet the precedent they are setting is incredibly dangerous.A little flashback for ya this tweet is from my 1st day in Congress. Wild day 1 expectations aside, lets update w/ how things panned out:  House Climate Select Committee created Co-chaired Biden Climate Task Force that upgraded policy PAYGO is getting demotedBUT, let us celebrate this achievement! We need the energy of celebration to keep pushing! These rule changes are a bfd. Breaking austerity mindset + rules, esp on climate, is a major tenet of the Green New Deal. We will learn, build, uplift & advance together. Happy new yearOn one hand, I am no stranger to abusive rhetoric and know that taking knocks comes w/ being an elected official. But as someone who prioritizes movement-building and winning, creating something joyful that people actually want to be a part of is an impt organizing principleAnd to be % honest, it was hard during this to be targeted+marred as some sellout-enemy of the people over a late tactical disagreement over 1 floor vote. Also a bummer to see figures excuse comments like f- her and f- anyone who protects her. Thats not tone,thats violenceSo these rule changes are a big deal - & not only on healthcare. They are structural changes in the House that level the playing field for a full SUITE of flagship legislation, locks in that field for the next two years, & establishes precedents for after This was not easyOne of the first deep lessons I learned in the House that process IS policy. If you pass M4A, GND, etc w/ messed up process/rules, then it can be weaponized into austerity leg by rules requiring it to have insane tax hikes or service cuts tied to it that arent applied to othersOne of the 1st votes I ever cast broke w/ my party over House rules that strangled transformative legislation for working people + climate. It was honestly terrifying. Now, CPC has pushed these critical rule changes in House negotiations. Grateful for @RepMcGoverns leadershipFighting for peoples basic material dignity is socialist, and I will fight against it as much as possible, unless Trump makes me support it, then its not socialism, but I reserve the right to call whatever I dont like socialist again when it suits my agenda - Lindsey Graham(And I say this as someone who gets highly scrutinized for pretty routine stuff while watching my counterparts get away w far more wild nonsense with little to no fanfare)Also, there *is* a diff btwn working as a waitress vs earning millions from Wall St. We may not want to admit it, but policymakers experiences DO shape their thinking. Is it disqualifying, etc? Thats for public to decide. Which is why reporting is impt & shouldnt be attackeda very reasonable thing*Probably an unpopular take but I think its important the public knows what their public servants financial & income streams are, regardless of gender or party. We can note how scrutiny gets disproportionately wielded on women, but Wall St ties are a very reasonable to examineMy heart completely shatters for my dear friend @RepRaskin, Sarah, and their family in this devastating loss. Tommy was an incredible and brilliant beam of light. All our thoughts are with the Raskin family, and we pray for support to envelop them in this unimaginable time.How are ppl even equating someone who made $80k 2y ago getting a few bucks as serious a problem as ppl getting *evicted* bc assistance was held up? Thats what they are doing when holding up aid over these petty concerns. Tax it back later if youre that upset over $80. DamnWe need to get help & money out now. Its already bad UI isnt retro in this package - ppl are counting on that. Gov should be as generous as possible in disaster recovery, which is what COVID is - a natl disaster. As a nation, we should bear this together, not leave ppl behindMaybe its just me, but I am of the belief that millions of people who really need help and not getting it is a MUCH more serious problem than the possibility that some people making less than $100k get a check others think they dont needBefore the well actually finance bros start, this tweet is a rhetorical device known as sarcasmWhen you short sell a countryIncredibly sad to see. These are top-notch journalists beloved by our city.@WilliamDPugh @NationalAction Gotta look out for each other@Moneca_Neary This is where the federal government must step in with mortgage relief policies. They can range from outright payment freezes, suspensions, or cancellations for people w/ mortgages. Other nations did this last year to financially assist ppl during shutdowns to contain the virus..@NYGovCuomo should expand his executive order barring evictions to include small businesses across the state. Our priority should be to keep people housed and prevent economic collapse of the family and local small businesses that are the backbone of our communities.Proud of the strides that New York has made in passing one of the strongest anti-eviction laws in the country to protect tenants. Theres still more to go. Lets extend rent protections to vulnerable small biz, & the federal gov must step up to help rents + mortgages nationwide.@TheCineDrunkieHeres the deal: the whole reason McConnell can block $2,000 checks to begin w/ is bc hes Senate Majority leader. Hell block clean $2k relief as long as GOP run the Senate. GEORGIA can change that!  If GA votes Warnock/Ossoff on 1/5, the doors open up for COVID relief.Well I think its a big mistake to not approve a clean bill sending $2k checks out to people, so lets call it even. Keep going @BernieSanders!  Make the Senate countdown the New Year on the Senate floor until they pass $2k checks, no funny business attached.@desusnice I didnt realize until right now that this video was shot in PARKCHESTER in front of the old movie theaterNotice how Republican Congressmen who like to claim they are the party of personal responsibility refuse to take any responsibility themselves for blocking retroactive unemployment benefits, voting against $2k survival checks, stoking doubt about the pandemic to begin with, etcI dont support $2k survival checks because it might help people get out of debt that our govt inaction helped put or keep them in in the first place. - GOP Congressman1st of all, aid starts phasing out at $75k 2. its already tied to outdated income info, dont make it worse 3. Ppl who made $100k+ also had income disrupted 4. Is this really a good reason to block aid for millions 5. If youre going to err, err on the side of helping peopleThats okay with me. Alternatively, if conservatives are suddenly so concerned w/ the cost of the bill, maybe they should focus on stripping their cushy tax giveaways for 3 martini lunches and thoroughbred racehorses instead of blocking critical support for working people.Great, now he can sign @RashidaTlaib and Is amendment to bring the $600 checks to $2kA flow of pardons for the wealthy and corrupt, yet Brandon Bernard was left to die when his own jurors and prosecutor begged for mercy. Our carceral system laid bare for the world to see.Huge credit (no pun intended) on that push goes to Chairwoman @RepMaxineWaters. Im a proud member of FSC. In the House, ppl often shoot down big ideas. Rep. Waters was different- from the outbreak of COVID, she elevated VERY bold proposals from us, incl recurring payments/UBIIn other COVID items GOP blocked: Back in March, progressive Dems were working to stop negative credit reports during the pandemic, bc people shouldnt be on the hook for years due to missed bills during COVID. Looks like Kelly Loeffler helped block it, & her husband benefited:He definitely isnt better, thats for sure@People4Bernie Yup! GOP blocked that too!Dont lose out hope though - Republicans are trying to block $2k checks tomorrow bc were expediting, but bc Trump also vetoed the Defense bill Congress will likely reconvene in the next few days. Dems will then be able to override the GOP block & pass $2k checks to the SenateIt looks like House GOP are going to try to block Trumps request for $2k tomorrow. Some other items theyve blocked: - Retroactive unemployment - Survival checks for people w/ disabilities, college students, adult dependents - Larger rent & mortgage assistance List goes on+ You better work MitchOkay, between @AyannaPressleys hit and this one were gonna need to start a playlist. Ill add: Mitch dont kill my vibe@AyannaPressley I love this song@chbooksdc Well... Im waitingLets GO!!@Tracie_Cone Its totally inexcusable and inhumane. Im so sorry that this is happening to your family. We need to hear an actual public explanation from the WH and McConnell about why they are blocking relief for adult dependents. Its deeply wrong.Last time $ went out, Treasury had to process all kinds of ppl & sent cash in waves as they got info. They still have the setup to send out that . So why not send out checks to whoever you can ASAP & roll out to dependents, even if its not on the same biz day, like last time?We were also told the reason adult dependents (ppl w/ disabilities, college students, etc) were left out from survival checks again is bc Trump wants checks ASAP & said including adult dependents would slow it down, so he flat out refused - but that excuse doesnt make sense /1Anyways, thats a very loose breakdown (at least process-wise) of how it went down. Process is important because its how pols get overwhelmingly corrupt and unpopular things into legislation. They cant campaign on it, so many use process & obscure deals to sneak things in.The THIRD vote had the actual COVID relief: the too-little $600 checks, $300 in UI, SNAP,etc. There were also some omnis tacked on, but less controversial. (I initially voted PRESENT on this bc this process is so Fd up, but then YES bc my families are so hungry. Wanted to )The omnibus is actually a collection of legislation that funds each federal agency (Homeland Security $ + Enviro $ + NASA $, etc). There are many agencies, so the 2nd vote was the omni w/ DHS, DoD, Fin Services & a lot of the pork leg people are objecting to (I also voted NO)Its gross but also true! The dilemma many were dealing w/ was: bc these things were tied together, it made clean COVID relief impossible. You can largely thank Mitch for that. Im not saying this is all 1 party but fr hes awful. Anyways the Omnibus has most of the gross stuff2nd vote is the Omnibus. Whats that? Basically the deal is centered on tying COVID relief to funding the gov(aka Omnibus). They were tied together so pols who were against COVID relief (checks, SNAP, UI, etc) could trade for their horse write-offs etc in the Omni. Gross, no?For context, it actually took 3 votes to pass this COVID bill.  1st vote: The Rule (process vote) The rule vote cleared the way for the bill to be brought to a vote so soon after text dropped. It passed, which is one reason why the vote happened so fast. (I & others voted NO)For people asking about the insane & corrupt tax giveaways in the deal (ex. the 3 martini lunch trash ) much of that gross stuff is actually the omnibus. Its a little confusing, but basically theres 3 major components to the COVID deal: 1. Rule 2. Omnibus 3. COVID reliefLets do it. @RashidaTlaib and I already co-wrote the COVID amendment for $2,000 checks, so its ready to go. Glad to see the President is willing to support our legislation. We can pass $2k checks this week if the Senate GOP agrees to stand down.And by the way, its not just members who need to see the bill ahead of time - YOU do.  The PUBLIC needs to see these bills w enough time to contact their rep to let them know how they feel. Members are reeling right now bc they dont have time to consult w/ their communities.This is why Congress needs time to actually read this package before voting on it. Members of Congress have not read this bill. Its over 5000 pages, arrived at 2pm today, and we are told to expect a vote on it in 2 hours. This isnt governance. Its hostage-taking.GOP: We cant do $1200 checks. Thats irresponsible. Think of the deficit. Also GOP: As part of a COVID deal we are allocating $1.4 billion to build a xenophobic campaign stunt wall that falls down in the wind even though we promised voters other countries would pay for it.Our job is to make sure the vaccine isnt politicized the way masks were politicized. If you actually listened to your constituents, youd hear a LOT about viral claims about repro health.Ppl have ?s Leaders shld show we wont ask others to do something we wouldnt do ourselvesGee, maybe if the GOP hadnt spent so much time undermining public faith in science, masks,& COVID itself, I wouldnt have to weigh the potential misinfo consequences of what wld happen if leaders urged ppl to take a new vaccine that we werent taking ourselves! & @ me next timeI accept that by challenging the idea that we should support pro-Trump Dems in safe seats, Im gonna take a few knocks. Whats disappointing to hear is that this decision incl open discussion of political donations. As a party that talks abt money in politics, we shld do better.Its not good enough to hear about whats in the bill. Members of Congress need to see & read the bills we are expected to vote on. I know its controversial & I get in trouble for sharing things like this, but the people of this country deserve to know. They deserve better.Congress is expected to vote on the second largest bill in US history *today* - $2.5 trillion - and as of about 1pm, members dont even have the legislative text of it yet.Thank you!@AnandWrites If it was within indiv power to give the vaccine to someone else, I would! But according to these protocols, theres a chance it could have just been stored. Theres also a real risk in this age of misinfo of how it would be weaponized if leaders refused to take it en masse@AnandWrites The actual answer to your question lies in the National Security Council, which is where that decision was made in compliance with Presidential Policy Directive-40. That policy was put in place in 2016 and established certain requirements for continuity of governance(Also thats my dog snoring in the background )(Id also technically swap the word COVID cell for COVID protein since its a virus but you get the picture)So how does a COVID mRNA vaccine work, anyway? And how does it compare to a traditional vaccine, or just getting COVID? Well, it comes down to a story of spikes & burglars  Heres a layperson stab at an explanation: (Docs, feel free to weigh in!)We cannot allow the GOP to tie the Biden admins hands in responding to this virus. Thats exactly what Toomey & co have been trying to do at the final hour - introduce provisions that will limit & remove Fed tools that will help Biden provide a full economic response to COVID.One major difference between GOP and Dems is that GOP leverage their right flank to gain policy concessions and generate enthusiasm, while Dems lock their left flank in the basement bc they think that will make Republicans be nicer to them@MeggieBaer I didnt think it was painful. Hurt less than a flu shot. I personally didnt notice a lump, but my nurse was a pro and had a bandaid on me in no time (you can see the video on my IG). A day later Im a little sore in my upper arm, but thats happened with most of my shots.@melmus99 Nope! Your husband will not need to isolate after receiving the vaccine. Hug away  One thing to note is that normal isolation& social distancing protocols DO still apply (if he had a known significant exposure, etc). This is bc we are still learning abt impact on transmission@lulubelle321 Thats so great to hear!@taymacintyre Yes! My questionnaire asked about prior vaccine allergies (I personally dont have any) and also listed the specific vaccine components to check as well. My advice is to be as forthright as possible w/ your Dr. regarding any health conditions/concerns you have questions about!@JayDavidMurphy (and always consult your doctor if regarding serious medical conditions first!)@JayDavidMurphy This is so generous & kind. I dont think you should worry about giving up your vaccine so others can have it. Each state has distribution priorities & healthcare workers are at the top. For now Id say when your state says ppl you are eligible, feel free to make an appt.I also answered a lot of questions last night on Instagram, which you can find here:If you have any questions or unease about the COVID vaccine, I got you! Id *never* ask you to do something I wasnt willing to do myself. Yday per national security policy (PPD40), Congress began getting vaccinated. I took the jab & am here to answer your questions. Ask away!A Bloomberg analysis of government labor statistics reveals that in community after community where Amazon sets up shop, warehouse wages tend to fall.This is why Amazon jobs arent it & we should instead focus our public investments + incentives on small businesses, public infrastructure, & worker cooperatives that actually support dignified life. A job that leaves you homeless & on food stamps isnt a job. Its a scam.@JCisnerosTX I just want you to know that supporting you was 100% worth it. If calling out anti-choice policies & holding institutions accountable for blocking working class women like you is a source of political retribution, Im ok w/ that. Youre amazing & Im proud of you. Keep shining.Blocking critical funds in a pandemic is an act that knowingly creates hunger, eviction, & desperation. Republicans fearmonger about violence, but what is knowingly creating hunger, eviction, sickness if not violence? If you care about deficits so much, then tax the rich.Also to be clear, here are just SOME of the items Republicans are fighting tooth and nail against in the middle of a pandemic: - 2nd round of $1200 checks - Restoring unemployment $ - Money for school, hospital, public transit - Retroactive benefits - Mortgage & rent protectionsWe have also demanded school, hospital, and mass transit funding (aka state and local) and Republicans have treated that as a deal breaker. Yes. Teacher salaries and funding school safety measures for safe reopening are a dealbreaker for GOP.Let me make something EXTRA clear. Dems have demanded: - $1200 checks - restoring $600 UI - Retroactive benefits Thats not just a statement- even Speaker Pelosi has pushed for retroactive benefits. Senate Republicans are hacking it back to $600 & demanding corporate bailouts.If Republicans are suddenly so concerned about government spending after their years of corrupt giveaways, I have a great solution for them. Lets repeal the $2 TRILLION GOP tax scam from 17 to pay for a whole slew of proposals that actually help working people. DoneYou can either get stimulus money or unemployment but not both, say Republicans demanding corporate immunity for worker abuse AND tax cuts for the very rich AND subsidies for friends AND total lack of oversight or accountability for their connected pals scamming PPP AND...@HashtagJelani Youre welcome! Thank you for showing up and asking!Tired of these people encouraging, ignoring, and excusing their own abusive behavior for years to then turn around and act like the biggest coddled babies in the world. People are hungry and this is what youre mad about. Take that energy to supporting retroactive UI & checks.@marcorubio you stood by in total silence when your GOP colleague called a Congresswoman a f b on the Capitol steps in front of press. You werent big enough to speak then, & you dont get to sob now. BTW that is the right word for those who fleece & scam working families.This is a big deal. Historic appointment. A visionary Native woman in charge of federal lands. Unequivocally progressive. Green New Deal champion. Exquisitely experienced. @RepDebHaaland sister, you are going to do such a great job. I am so proud of you and the movement.YES!Yep, journalists have asked me (and others!) this same question for two years and Ive answered the same way almost every time but for some reason today its news. (Its not news) I am however guilty of the cardinal political sin of clearly answering a journalists questionAnd if you dont want your member to vote for a $600 deal, you really need to tell them that. Dont think oh I voted for a Dem, well be fine. No. If theres an amount thats too little, or any other red line that you want them to vote NO on, then you need to tell them that.@Flargenstow ONE. Anything recurring would be $300 UI(FYI this is the current proposed COVID package amount - PLEASE CALL YOUR MEMBER if you have any doubt whatsoever on what their stance is)Is $600 for a second COVID check enough?And if you believe both sides are blocking checks & COVID relief then you should call your member of Congress anyway and ask them if they support stimulus checks & UI, and for how much. If you dont already, you deserve to know how your district is being represented in talks.I dont know if any Republicans follow me, but if youre a Republican voter that wants to see another survival payment and unemployment insurance (or doesnt want to see another Wall St giveaway attached), you should really get on the phone and call your GOP members of Congress.The fact that Republicans are forcing Dems to choose between stimulus money OR unemployment benefits, as if we couldnt easily do both, is barbaric. Do they know that people in red states are hungry too, or do they just not care? This is inhumane.If you want a model on how we can *successfully* secure floor votes on progressive leg, examine how the grassroots JUST successfully forced (and passed!) a $15/hr min wage in the House even over Conservative Dem objections:Grassroots organizing & pressure campaigns take an insane amount of work & preparation Key organizing moments may look like random uprisings & viral internet moments to some, but they arent- they are result of years of targeted organizing & ppls mvmts, aided by present momentSo now youve actually made life harder for organizers bc if you suspect a cosponsor isnt a genuine supporter, you now just gave them a chance to cover when stakes are low - so now they can ward off pressure Pay attn: actual M4A grassroots organizers havent pushed for thisSome ppl say a cosponsor list isnt genuine & forcing a vote, even if it fails, will add clarity by putting ppl on the record (even though cosponsor list IS on the record). Problem is w/ a GOP Senate, ppl can still disingenuously vote bc they know its going to a graveyard(Also the reporter Im quote tweeting is also being sarcastic and believes we should have real discourse, please dont ratio )A lot of political experts like to claim that if youre explaining, youre losing, but Ive always thought that was misguided. Sure - if your explanation is boring & bad then yeah, youre losing. But if its compelling and good, then the more you educate, the more you win.@SopanDeb Nud Pob for the spicy basil Noodle street for the drunken noodlesTime to make some money moves@NBCsSMASH @schlife In a*@NBCsSMASH @schlife I spent one summer living in subletted attic off Ashford with no a/c while working & taking summer classes. It was across the street from a frat house that set off bottle rockets at 3am weekday nights. Never again@schlife No, I lived in Warren, South Campus (the community service house!), and then on Comm Ave. :)I am SO PROUD of our families, students, & volunteers stepping up to support our Homework Helpers program.  Normally, 1-on-1 tutoring is a luxury mostly reserved for the privileged. But community volunteers are changing that, helping so many families along the way. Thank you!If Congress needs to spend Christmas on the House floor, so be it. People are getting kicked out of their homes. This help should not be partisan nor controversial. It is disgusting that the Senate GOP is holding financial help hostage to gain immunity for corps to harm workers.I will not vote for a COVID package that doesnt include survival payments and unemployment relief for the American people. Its a red line. Its also common sense. Sick + tired of Mitch McConnell & the GOP playing games with peoples lives for corporate handouts. It ends here.Sex work is work. The federal gov has done almost nothing to help people in months. We must pass stimulus checks, UI, small biz relief, hospital funding, etc. Keep the focus of shame there, not on marginalizing people surviving a pandemic without help.Yeaaaah thats not gonna work@foxxyllama Just DMd you. Stay strong and hang in there!Tax the Rich@SamAdlerBell Please share with your mother my gratitude for her advocacy!Its neither. I represent Corona. It has an extremely high concentration of frontline, essential, & immigrant workers. Our people are the ones who ride subways hours to clean houses, deliver takeout, etc w/o insurance & left out of relief. Its not a mystery, its inequality.@WilsonGWhitener @jacobinmag Over decades, House rules/process has shifted towards extreme concentration of power in House leadership (of both parties). Thats why you increasingly see leg negotiated by a handful of top ppl behind a closed door rather than by many publicly @justinamash talks a lot abt this@jacobinmag Ppl may think its just personalities that block floor votes. But its not just that. There are structural blocks (yes, placed by conservative Dems) we must unravel. Attn can be useful (GND protests in Speakers office!) but its 1 tool. M4A organizers are pressing diff avenues@jacobinmag Great ideas. Some more: - Secure a PAYGO waiver for Medicare for All (&other bills) - Negotiate for top progressives in key positions to help break blockages on prog leg - Change House rules for structural shifts to democratize power These changes can shift power for YEARS@nypost Leave her alone. The actual scandalous headline here is Medics in the United States need two jobs to survive@CarolynMcC @matthewstoller Also thank you for caring about PAYGO! Its a big deal. And yes, PAYGO is but so much of the party is stuck on it. There needs to be a LOT of organizing around it@CarolynMcC @matthewstoller We wont know for a while. Bc so many diff things are traded & negotiated (committee appts, vote commits, rule changes, etc), things tend to crystallize at the end. I can say for sure we are pushing for PAYGO exemptions on flagship leg, but we dont know how itll finalize yet@matthewstoller Last term progs got the 1st-ever Congressional hearing in history on Medicare for All, allowing for markup. That happened despite thrashing opposition from other Dems. But it goes both ways. Progs do withhold, but Conservative Dems also do to block. The numbers matter@matthewstoller They arent demanding anything is an assumption - and a false one. These structural negotiations happen, they just arent live-tweeted. These negotiations started months ago, & include House rules, PAYGO exemptions, committee makeup, vote commitments, investigations, etc.@kishineff @J_ManPrime21 Because we did! We were successfully able to bring $15 min/wage to a floor vote this term and secured the votes to pass it in the House. & Im not saying we shouldnt have a M4A vote - Im saying this 1 specific lev moment can be used in other waysAnd what money are you going to buy that ticket with, Perdue? The curiously well-timed stocks youve cashed in on while in office?@MichaelSalamone Thanks for taking the time. I appreciate your kind and understanding words. My hope is to be able to engage in debates about approach in good faith, without jumping to cynical accusation whenever there is genuine question & discourse. Thats part of being in struggle together.@J_ManPrime21 I respect that. And in an important way, they are on the record - there are 118 House Dems who have publicly signed onto guaranteed healthcare during this term. They are listed here:@EoinHiggins_ @J_ManPrime21 I think the question is diff btwn holding the vote vs threatening Dem control to hold the vote. Not opposed a floor vote. But leverage argument is do you use lev to secure an immediate $15 wage,elevate good ppl to key spots for 2 yrs,etc or hold 1 vote we dont have votes for?@J_ManPrime21 Why arent they there? is the real Q! We watched the presidential debates and saw how many fiercely defend our for-profit insurance system. But know that the movement pressure - positive support, primaries, popularity, organizing, etc IS working. More cosponsors now than ever@colinkalmbacher @J_ManPrime21 I agree we need more than $15 now. We have a shot to raise min wage to $15 in the immediate term if we flip the Senate and then push for more equitable pay so we dont have to rely on Congress manually increasing min wage once a generation as people get left behind@ShibaRooRoo @J_ManPrime21 @jimmy_dore If you want to know what Dems are opposed to M4A, look at the list of cosponsors. If your rep isnt on it, you can ask them why not.@J_ManPrime21 In contrast, you can use leverage to push for things that *can* happen and change lives - ie a $15 min wage vote in the first 100 days (doable), elevating longtime progressive champions to important positions of leadership (also doable) Thats the opportunity cost to weigh@J_ManPrime21 @jimmy_dore Problem w/ this idea is that there isnt enough thought given to step 2. The Dem votes arent there yet, and with a razor-thin margin the Dem NOs are &gt; margin. So you issue threats, hold your vote, and lose. Then what? If you want to know whos opposed look @ cosponsor listThe depravity and evil of this admins race to murder as many people on death row as possible is shocking & inhumane. We know how our carceral system works. The wealthy + privileged can buy freedom & leniency, the vulnerable are killed. It must stop. Abolish the death penalty.A Confederacy of DuncesCant tell you how weird it is to regularly watch my colleagues do and say things like this to little comment, but if I get a haircut or wear anything better than a rusty bucket to the Capitol then its considered a national scandalLast January I was sworn in for my first term in Congress. So, what have we accomplished since then? Lets take 2(ish) minutes to review.Abolish the death penalty.For accountability purposesI tried to make salmon spinach pasta but got carried away about how jacked up our COVID response is and how badly we need stimulus checks and healthcare that all I did was zest a lemon   Ill post my meal when its doneNo movement on COVID in the Senate but good to know Utah Sen. Mike Lee is spending his time today giving speeches about why Latinos shouldnt have a national history museum and oh, while were at it, why there shouldnt be a womens history museum eitherRemember when Republicans mocked me for warning about this, and I was called a f b on the steps of the Capitol for discussing it?Wishing all our loved ones, neighbors, and friends across the country lighting their first candle tonight a beautiful and #HappyHanukkah106 House Republicans are spending critical time when people are starving and small businesses are shuttering trying to overturn the results of our election, but please tell us more about how both sides are just as badFYI: Wealthy people who skirt taxes & conservatives in Congress have supported, voted for, & succeeded at defunding the police responsible for watching *them* a long time ago.Sure! Ill hop on IG Live tonight to talk things out in detail and answer your questions.Good. Facebook is absolutely an out-of-control monopoly - one that has abused its market power to squash competition, manipulate democracies, and crush journalism. Thank you @TishJames for leading the way. (Maybe when Instagram spins off they can change the bottom tabs back)@pukeytrig The biggest resources required to set this up is time & people. The easiest way to start is to partner with your local PTA or other local parent organization. Were still piloting, but if theres interest maybe we can do a training session on how to start one!Our Homework Helpers program is off to a roaring start! I cant thank you all enough. Our call for volunteer tutors to help families w/ remote learning yielded *11,000* volunteers! Your response was so inspiring that I decided to sign up for 4 hrs too :)You know why all this backlash happens when we say Tax the Rich? Because the unquestionable norm is to tax the poor & working class. Maybe instead of taxing people who need baby formula and essential goods, we tax those who have profited billions from a global pandemic?We know that neither acknowledging science nor food rationing under crony capitalism works in their understanding of reality so theyre gonna go with food staples sold out because of a tweet onceNo, I just googled how to make my own adobo. But of course Fox would rather indulge their made up fantasies than acknowledge that in the Trump admins catastrophic response to COVID, millions of people rushed to buy canned goods which then had to be rationed at grocery storesThe GOP acts like they care, but behind closed doors, this is what they actually say about the working class. Good to know how little you truly think of food workers, @DanCrenshawTX. I wonder: did you have catering while bonding w/ wealthy donors over your disdain for the poor?(Frankly theyve exploded for far longer than that too)College costs have exploded over the last 10-20 years & wages have not kept up. Its a totally different landscape and the fact theyre using anecdotal experience from 20+ years ago to reinforce their opinions instead of looking at current cost/wage data is disturbing.These Republicans who are defensively rage-tweeting But youre wrong! I worked my way to pay through college!! dont realize they sound like folks who speak of the days when Hershey bars were 5 at the general store.Forever telling on yourselves.My comments were directed at Republicans who mock my history in service work. That includes President Trump, who youve stood by and defended through such attacks, by the way. But if that boorishness doesnt apply to you, then why feel the rush to defend yourself?Pretty sad how much people have been conditioned to believe that not getting crushed by costs of healthcare, housing, education, and low wages is either radical left politics or nice but unrealisticThese COVID negotiations should be public. The public should be able to see who is holding stimulus checks hostage & demanding immunity for big corporations exposing workers to COVID. The secrecy protects them. Its harder to do these things without the closed door.Canada did $2,000/monthly. The US is the richest nation on earth and a 2nd stimulus check is getting blocked bc GOP want corporate bailouts & austerity in exchange for it. Maybe if everyone in the US incorporated as an LLC, Mitch McConnell would actually do something for them.Another day on the radical left with our crazy ideasCOVID relief needs to directly help everyday people. People need stimulus checks & UI.Republicans like to make fun of the fact that I used to be a waitress, but we all know if they ever had to do a double theyd be the ones found crying in the walk-in fridge halfway through their first shift bc someone yelled at them for bringing seltzer when they wanted sparklingThe thing that these conservative Senators dont seem to understand is that Ive actually had a physically difficult working-class job without good healthcare most of my adult life. I bring that work ethic to Congress & to my community. They sit around on leather chairs all day.Yesterday I recruited 5,000 volunteers to train and tutor kids in my community who are struggling with remote learning, and that was after investigating the Treasury Secretarys rationale for stopping CARES Act funding and voting on House legislation. What did you do?In case people would like to learn more about the MORE Act spearheaded by @RepJerryNadler @RepBarbaraLee @repblumenauer & more:Weve passed multiple COVID relief bills, far more generous than GOPs for working people, that GOP are sitting on in the Senate. & the pot bills that you are so dismissive of will expunge millions of peoples records from the unjust War on Drugs. STILL no reason to adjourn.Were trying to get COVID relief and stimulus checks out to people and right now Republicans are trying to prematurely adjourn Congress. People are going hungry and theyre treating this like a game. Leaders dont abandon people in their time of greatest need.Heartbroken at the collapse of the Arecibo Observatory. As a little girl, my parents often brought me on the hike up to the observatory and I would watch with awe at the scientific wonders it had to offer.  This is a tragedy.Oh, and by the way: Tax the Rich.Republicans are freaking out bc we dont use slave-wage labor for merch that funds grassroots organizing. But whats the difference between Trumps merch and ours? Ours is made in the US.  (& for GOP who joke that we shld give for free, we actually do - just volunteer )Black-owned small businesses were widely shut out from accessing PPP loans, yet right-wing disinfo org PV took half a million in public money while decrying direct federal assistance as radical socialism. Republicanism in a nutshell. (Also theyre based in Mamaroneck?! )@hasanthehun Thank you!!Sign up to be a homework helper for kids & working families who could really use a helping hand during the challenges of remote learning  All it takes is 1 hour a week for 4 weeks. Never tutored before? Well train you! Join or contribute here:Here are some highlights from our food & housing benefit stream last week!  I got to ask @theJagmeetSingh about Canadas COVID policy, which offers $2k a MONTH in relief  Its wild how a drive away people have checks & uni healthcare while people here claim its impossible.@JeffCoxCNBCcom At the point where I was up, I didnt want to dig further on intent. If Mnuchins justification is based on interpretation of statute, we should zero in on his legal argument that theres 0 room for action. If that analysis buckles under scrutiny, there may be an opening to pushAs always, made in the US with dignified, union jobs paying living wagesDo you ever replay a conversation in your head after the fact and realize something you wish you said? That happens to me all the time except with committee hearingsThanks! Preorders are open now :)Sometimes I wish we had more than 5 mins for questioningWe need your help! Remote learning is hitting working families hard & worsening inequality. To help, Team AOC successfully launched a Homework Helpers program. Now we want to grow to 3k volunteer tutors! Can you give 1 hr/wk for 4 weeks? Join us!You can listen to it here: #GreenNewDealThe whole point of protesting is to make ppl uncomfortable. Activists take that discomfort w/ the status quo & advocate for concrete policy changes. Popular support often starts small & grows. To folks who complain protest demands make others uncomfortable... thats the point.The thing that critics of activists dont get is that they tried playing the polite language policy game and all it did was make them easier to ignore. It wasnt until they made folks uncomfortable that there was traction to do ANYTHING even if it wasnt their full demands.What if activists arent PR firms for politicians & their demands are bc police budgets are exploding, community resources are shrinking to bankroll it, & ppl brought this up for ages but it wasnt until they said defund that comfortable people started paying attn to brutalityI find it amusing when politicians try to diminish the seriousness of our policy work, movement organizing & grassroots fundraising to she just tweets, as though serious politics is only done by begging corporate CEOs for money through wax-sealed envelopes delivered by ravenTuition-free public college is a dangerous socialist takeover of higher ed, as opposed to the far superior capitalist takeover of higher ed, which reliably buries millions of Americans in trillions of dollars in debt & graduates them into low paying jobs without good healthcareGrateful to all who joined us last night! Wonderful learning from you @theJagmeetSingh - thank you for reminding us that another world is not only possible, but just a few hours drive from NYC  $200k+ raised going directly to 6 relief efforts here:We did it! $200k raised in one livestream (on a whim!) for eviction defense, food pantries, and more. This is going to make such a difference for those who need it most right now. Thank you all:)@Corpse_Husband DM if you need his contact info@Corpse_Husband Hasan says he cant reach you!Today Im using the stream to fundraise for local food pantries, eviction defense legal aid, & community support organizations. So many people are having a hard time in this crisis. If youre able, you can help direct aid here efforts here:Streaming now!And lastly, if youve combed through all these other options - our Team AOC shop is in the process of restocking for the holiday season.  All items are made in the USA and create living wage, dignified union jobs for people across the countryAnother great gift as well is to support local journalism. Gift a subscription (digital or physical) to a local newspaper or magazine for a reader in your life. Its a great way to support our democracy and independent/local journalism while gifting to othersPlease consider making contributions (or doing so in a loved ones name as a gift) to mutual aid funds, legal aid orgs, and grassroots community groups this season. It will help with food need, eviction defense, etc. Put an org you love on your wish list to encourage support!On the Bronx side, I @thelitbar - an Afro-Latina run bookstore founded as the ONLY bookshop in the Bronx. If you are planning on gifting new books this year, please order them from an independent bookstore!Here are a bunch of small businesses from #ShopSmallAstoria in my community, and they ship nationwide. They range from bookshops to zero-waste gifts for friends and familyToday many are buying gifts or donations for the holiday season. Right now, small businesses & food aids across the country REALLY need our help. Lets help & commit to shopping small this year wherever we can. Comment w/ links for your favorite from small biz & orgs below:Canadian Members of Parliament & US Members of Congress venting each other into space. What could go wrong? Im in @theJagmeetSingh! See you tomorrow. 7pm EST@nichcarlson Some people have jobs where they can stay home if given pay. Restaurants, for ex - if we cover small biz expenses & paychecks, we can take care of small biz & people for a safe reopen. Essential workers who cant stay home (warehouse wkrs, healthcare, etc) still need protectionsIf you want to know why COVID relief is tied up in Congress, one key reason is that Republicans are demanding legal immunity for corporations so they can expose their workers to COVID without repercussions. Dems dont want you to die for a check. Thats what were fighting over.@mcuban I dont say this to point fingers, but if we only say shame on both & dont actually drill down to see *what* is holding things up then its just performance Right now GOP is demanding a full liability waiver for corps so they can expose workers to COVID w/o repercussion@mcuban Pelosi compromised & accepted the $4 trillion leveraged Wall St bailout the GOP demanded as a condition for passing the 1st stimulus check in CARES. It was (& is) a horrible deal that will structurally slant our economy against small biz for a long time. But she did accept it@mcuban The fact that the Senates not passing IS the problem. They need to pass a bill so theres a marker to negotiate w/. Pelosi can pass 10 diff versions, it doesnt matter if the Sen passes nothing. Thats why ppl dont know whats going on: Senate has 0. Thats on Senate leader.@mcuban @tedcruz When McConnell actually brings the Senate into session and passes a bill, then we can have a Senate version and a House version to reconcile and move forward. But they havent done that. House has passed two. Senate is sitting around.@mcuban @tedcruz With respect @mcuban, this is not a both sides situation. The Senate literally skipped town. Theyre not even trying. As much as it makes people feel good to say a pox on both your houses the fact of the matter is its a one-sided situation trying to escape accountability.@jeremyoharris Of course! Thank you so much. Seeing your play was at the top of my list before COVID hit, and Im looking forward to experiencing it one way or another soon :) Cant wait to hear your ideas.You know in the House, when we dont have the votes to pass something, we work on the bill until we pick up the votes to pass it. That includes GOP votes - & yes, GOP have voted for my leg too. The Senate should try it sometime! People are going hungry as you tweet from vacay.With COVID upending life as usual and winter around the corner, were going to need each other now more than ever. Learn how to create your neighborhood mutual aid network with the manual we developed with @prisonculture here:Folks who encouraged young ppl to turn out& vote bc you can work to influence the coming admin should be encouraging, not cry division, when they do just that. Lobbyists dont ever sit back & give admins a chance. #1 mistake is thinking our democracy is set it & forget it@IATSE @tedcruz Yep!I hope someone else runs Cruzs Twitter account because itd be pretty embarrassing if a US Senator didnt know this. Almost as embarrassing as when Sen. @JohnCornyn didnt appear to know that Puerto Ricans dont get to vote in the PresidentialThe House doesnt have filibusters, @tedcruz. We also passed several COVID relief packages to the Senate that not only include &gt;$500 billion, but also prioritize helping real people as opposed to Wall St bailouts the GOP tries to pass off as relief. Nice try thoughIt is also a truly embarrassing indictment of whats considered center politics in the US that objecting to the appointment of an official who helped cover up the murder of a Black child is deemed the progressive, far left position.What is so hard to understand about this? Rahm Emanuel helped cover up the murder of Laquan McDonald. Covering up a murder is disqualifying for public leadership. This is not about the visibility of a post. It is shameful and concerning that he is even being considered.I know its hard, but please consider your loved ones. Stay home if you can. A negative COVID test does not clear one for safe travel. You can be asymptomatic & test positive shortly after. You can get it en route. Dont spread COVID to parents, loved ones, workers. Stay in!People across the country are going hungry, COVID is set to explode, and Mitch McConnell dismissed the Senate last week. I dont know how these people can sleep at night. I really dont.Does anyone believe Rittenhouse would be released if he were Muslim & did the same thing in a diff context? For people who say systemic racism doesnt exist, this is what it looks like: protection of white supremacy baked deep into our carceral systems. Law and disorder.People who argue that dramatic changes to policing, including budgetary ones, will mean violent people will be let out of jail to roam free rarely ever acknowledge thats actually the current system we have today for the privileged@AshleyRvin @USSenate Well keep fighting for you@michaelo @TwitterSupport Thank you!My DMs finally got fixed! (I think!!) Sorry to anyone who has DMd me since late August thank you @TwitterSupportI have time today because I am sick & tired of seeing powerful people with both hands deep in the cookie jar turn around and tell people theres nothing in there for them or our countrys future. Its rank hypocrisy and corruption. Incompetence at best. We shouldnt tolerate it..@KLoeffler disclosures show you seem to have gifted yourself private jet on public dime & exploited corrupt tax loopholes to do it. If youre happy helping yourself to public funds, maybe take a seat before arguing against stimulus checks to help everyday people in a pandemic.Utterly embarrassing that this woman was a governor & still doesnt have a grasp on public investment. Wonder if she says federal financing works like a piggy bank or household too? All this faux-seriousness from folks who worship Trump for running the country like his casinoNikki, Im suggesting Republicans find the spine to stand up to their corporate donors & vote for the same measures they did in March, except without the Wall St bailout this time. And I know youre confused abt actual governance but police budgets are municipal, not federal.Taking out Wayne County includes taking out the entire city of Detroit, AKA the #1 city in the US when it comes to African American population by percentage.Translation of the Republican Party stance: We can undermine the election by stripping Black Americans of their civil rights.Funny how you didnt hear Republicans complain about spending other peoples money or ask how are we going to pay for it?! when they insisted on creating a $4 trillion leveraged slush fund for their Wall Street buddies in March.Republicans are mad at this when they literally just voted to do just this in March. The reason theyre opposed to it now is because last time they got a Wall Street bailout and this time all thats left is helping working people, the disabled, the poor, etc.Strange that you now oppose checks to help people survive shutdowns, Chip. You voted YES for the CARES Act in March, which paid folks to help weather the impact of COVID shutdowns. What changed for you to oppose stimulus now? The fact that theres no Wall St bailout anymore?To get the virus under control, we need to pay people to stay home.30 million people in this country are at risk of eviction. Millions of people are unemployed or underemployed from cut-back hours. The economy is not the stock market. We are NOT doing fine. People need help in red states and blue, & our job is to help everyone. This is basic.@vailkoyo tell her I say thank you!@MoveOn And a very brave one. @MoveOn and @DFAaction were some of the only organizations who stood up to intense political pressure from the party to endorse me in my first run. And this is proof! Ill never forget it. You all are REAL ONES. Thank you.Does that year end plan include stimulus checks and UI extension? Or did Meadows & McConnell forget the part where millions of people desperately need help right now?If you say socialism three times in a mirror, a corporate lobbyist-backed candidate grows their wings@michaelo Thank you!Can we put the bar of circles at the bottom at least? (Im at the bargaining phase of this clearly)@MichelleHuxDoes the fleets thing stress anyone else out? Like I use Twitter to get away from IG stories, not have it follow me around on every platform reminding me that I dont have makeup onSorry to do it like this but... I cant DM yaMy DMs havent worked in 3 months @TwitterSupport pls helpThings were bad for me, so they should stay bad for everyone else is not a good argument against debt cancellation - student, medical, or otherwise. #CancelStudentDebtWhen #BlackLivesMatter first emerged as an activist call, many pundits called it a divisive movement that required too much explanation. It was widely considered too controversial to say for YEARS. Its wild how quickly people willingly forget that. It just happened.We should also push for tuition-free public colleges to avoid this huge debt bubble from financially decimating ppl every generation. Its one of the easiest progressive policies to pay for, w/ multiple avenues from a Wall St transaction tax to an ultra-wealth tax to cover it.Student loan forgiveness is good, actually@chimeracoder I was driving down to DC that day and had to pick something up before leaving (I switched to an EV for my DC commute due to COVID and safety reasons. Volume of threats grew tremendously before the election).Can we please get people stimulus checks and mortgage relief and rent forgiveness and small business support and free testing and hazard pay and healthcare for the uninsured (& underinsured) in the middle of a pandemic or is that too socialist too?@MattCaseyNYC No worries here - Im in the Bronx tonight eating takeout thanks for looking out!@matthewstoller Its also false - Im a top performer in having my amendments made in order.Unbelievable. GOP doesnt even care for the lives of the people protecting theirs.Sounds familiarThis is what can happen when we work together on a strong relational organizing & digital strategyTime to get creative, folks!Congratulations @LaurenUnderwood!Its only controversial coming from one of us though.@MaxRose4NY has been a great colleague & friend, despite all our differences. He was relentlessly attacked for attending a community event after the murder of George Floyd. Max used his election night speech to bravely declare why it was the right thing to do. Watch it@alexnazaryan @Cliff_Michel No - we think its wrong that our backend strategy (grassroots, relational organizing plus sophisticated digital) was ignored, not that they should have adopted our messaging.@braunold She looks amazing! 10/10Update: Holy cow - we surged to $280k for the GA grassroots last night! Thats some #EmbraceTheBase ENERGY right there. Keep going!@IlhanMN By unanimous vote@PersistOhioIts time to #EmbraceTheBase in Georgia:Georgia isnt a red state. Its a voter-suppressed state. Last night #TeamAOC mobilized to raise $100k *directly* to grassroots orgs @fairfightaction, @NewGAProject,& more. Time to charge forward & support the folks leading the way. Lets kick it up:Good news and an encouraging choice@AyannaPressley @SignalBoostShow @ZerlinaMaxwell @jess_mcUnity at the expense of my equality and safety is not an option. - Rep. @AyannaPressley@davidscottjaffe please give your daughter my thanks. Stories like hers create the inspiration and energy to keep going. Thank you for sharing with me!@JaredHuffman Thank you Jared!The idea that politicians can control activist messaging doesnt make sense. They dont work for us. Our job is to listen and develop our message, own it, win,& lead. Civil rights movement didnt poll well at the time either. MLK was disliked. Does that mean he wasnt effective?This was a call from communities that unfolded in real-time. Activists dont focus group. BLM is not the DNC. Its a pols job to own their message. Btw, it was effective-NYC is shifting to mental health workers at some 911 calls & policies changed faster than an election cycle.Lets gooo! We are so proud of you and rooting for you, @KhaleelAnderson. CongratulationsWe dont have to choose between these things! We can do better and win!Pretty astounding that some Dems dont believe its possible to govern, be politically popular, and command formidable bully pulpits at the same time, but it actually explains a lot about how we got here.Thank you to each and every one of our veterans for your sacrifice and service. Words are never enough on #VeteransDay or any day. The best way we can show gratitude is with our actions.@housingworks@alexstran @CoriBush Oh cool! Ill have to check this out@CoriBush @AyannaPressley Well do a shopping day together. I got you!!You can also thrift and buy second hand online, which helped me get higher quality, longer-lasting things that would normally be out of budget. Good luck!!Thrifting, renting, and patience as you get your closet together sis. Capsule wardrobe will be your best friend. @AyannaPressley has the accessory game down Good news is that all these practices are very sustainable and good for the planet!I hope people realize that the same Republicans who are refusing to acknowledge the results of our elections also champion disastrous foreign policy claiming theyre bringing democracy to other nations.#EmbraceTheBase@liamkerr @justicedems @BrandNew535 False. Try checking your facts next time! Mail ins havent been counted in NY yet.Alas, Im just a first term Congresswoman, standing in front of a government, asking it to love working peopleIf I were actually as all-commandingly powerful as Republicans say I am, everybody in this country would have guaranteed healthcare by now.@dianelyssa @laurenhtexas Ok!@Grace4NYAgain, neither of us is saying GOP messaging didnt hurt. And no one is telling folks in tough seats to adopt activist messaging. We are saying the messaging hurt to the extent that it did because our operations & investments are not great and it makes the party vulnerable.For the Dems who think Im just being a selfish, divisive bombthrower from a deep blue seat, maybe youll listen to Doug Jones in Alabama when he says the same thingFantasy sports: presidential admin edition.  Whos in your dream cabinet?We must govern with integrity and accountability. Laquan McDonalds life mattered.@coachbenalbert I agree! Prioritizing state legislatures and fighting for census integrity are critical to changing this entire dynamic - the entire House being gerrymandered for GOP favorability has shifted both parties to the right.@kurteichenwald @christoq My district is 75% working class people of color, so Im pretty sure they are part of the Dem base. Also youve publicly made a big show of unfollowing and disengaging, so why are you still all up in my mentions upset for pointing out our party isnt on the internet in 2020?@JakeSherman (To be fair, with all the caucus leaks from day 1, speaking in the caucus is largely acknowledged as pretty much speaking in the media - just indirectly.)Except the argument here isnt ideological- are purple communities not on the internet? You can run a moderate message & not change it at all & my message still applies. Dems must run like its 2020, not like its 2005. That has nothing to do with ideology. Its about capacity.As Bronxites do I went to Orchard Beach to celebrate and this lady said over the speaker traiga la agua bendita porque Joe Biden is presidentThis makes me so happy. Thank you to every @USPS worker in the country! We love you!Trump routinely targeted some of the popular & respected movements & figures - both politicians and non politicians- bc the right wants Dems to run away from our strongest assets. Strategy can be nuanced & were a big tent, but we dont have to run scared all the time. Be proud!Ive been thinking so much of @IlhanMN. Trump made Minnesota explicitly about HER. Said hed win because of her. Many Dems in DC believed him, & marginalized her. That burden wasnt fair, but she took on the challenge anyway. She won. Credit and respect her. @RashidaTlaib too.John Kasich, who did not deliver Ohio to Dems, is saying folks like @IlhanMN, who did deliver Minnesota, are the problem. Please dont take these people seriously and go back to celebrating and building powerI saw party consultants take over a Congressional swing campaign operation this year and was it wasnt good. The blind impulse to blame activists and the left both demoralizes a key constituency and distracts from asking real Qs & fixing serious operational issues.One thing Ill say: for the last two years, I and progressive candidates have been unseating powerful Dem incumbents supported by DCCC. Not *once* has anyone in the party asked me what weaknesses Ive found in their operation. If they stop blaming progressives, we can help.(Were running numbers on GND)Every single swing-seat House Democrat who endorsed #MedicareForAll won re-election or is on track to win re-election. Every. Single. One.Anyone saying this after immigrant organizers delivered AZ, Black grassroots flipped Georgia, MI going blue w reality-bending 94% Detroit margin + @RashidaTlaib running up the margins in her district & Trump publicly challenging @IlhanMN in MN and losing isnt a serious person.Congratulations to President-elect Joe Biden & Vice President-elect Kamala Harris!Thank you. We need you. Keep organizing.@seanilling Good thing I didnt say thatBTW Im definitely happy to be proven wrong. If we can get independent data that @ProjectLincolns videos and billboards were directly responsible for really effective R D persuasion - $67 million of it - Ill publicly apologize. But we just havent seen any.And for folks who think it persuaded Republicans, Id be interested to see data on how effective their videos and NYC billboards were at persuasion. Especially data that justifies $67,000,000. Its not that persuasion doesnt work, its a Q of if this was persuasion at all@AndrewBeatty Its not the general Never Trump message thats a failure per se, but the kind of videos they made are pretty well shown to not be persuasive for a Never Trump message. Explicitly insulting anti-Trump content isnt what gets people to move. If anything it digs their heels in.@timburchett You are right about Santa but I dont know about your nice list story BurchettTheres potential incentive bc @ProjectLincoln is def in scam territory w these results. Its a pretty bad rep even tho GOP has a thing for failing up. Come clean, say listen, we thought itd work, it didnt,& in good faith were gonna raise X mil for these ppl who deserve itIf they need ideas there are plenty of recommendations hereAnd if they spent it all (yikes) then they should consider using their fundraising juggernaut to get resources to those orgs.Its not too late for them to do the right thing. Lincoln Project should take the L and publicly pledge to give a lot of their fundraising to the people who actually made a big difference.Lol at the party of personal responsibility being upset at the idea of being responsible for their behavior over last four yearsIs anyone archiving these Trump sycophants for when they try to downplay or deny their complicity in the future? I foresee decent probability of many deleted Tweets, writings, photos in the futureAnd also a TON of the swing seat class ran without accepting corporate PAC money.@MikeLevin cosponsored the Green New Deal as wellThese members deserve a lot of props. They took a risk based on their values, gut, & experience, & didnt let themselves get bullied out of cosponsorship. Theres a myth that progressive leg doesnt win swing seats. But thats what it is: a myth. And its time we called it that.Ok thats enough insight for today. That will be a bajillion DC consultant IOU bucks pleaseIts not an accident that Kelly spent by FAR the most on FB out of Senate challengers the week before the election &was 1 of the main breakthroughs. Hickenlooper who also won had solid digital too. Its not the only factor, yet a big lost opportunity for some. Treat it like TV.@finetimetoleave @joncoopertweets Not sure if you read what I wrote above. Messaging absolutely matters - and the attacks are more decisive when theres no deep canvassing happening. Does your familys elected officials normally have year-round deep canvassers in their community?@billscher Katie PorterAnd btw Im happy to cede ground on things that arent working in some areas! But finger pointing is not gonna help. Theres real workable & productive paths here if the party is open to us. (After all, I got here by beating a Dem who outspent me 10-1 who I knew had bad polling)You cant just tell the Black, Brown, & youth organizers riding in to save us every election to be quiet or not have their reps champion them when they need us. Or wonder why they dont show up for midterms when theyre scolded for existing. Esp when theyre delivering victories.By the way if white communities are getting more comfortable w overt racism or cultural resentment (if thats what theyre rebranding it now) its only gonna get harder for POC turnout to save everyone. Real organizing & strategy is needed that disarms bigotry, not avoids it.And on this hand-wringing about slight POC increases for GOP in some areas - this is also an area w answers. But honestly when it comes to Latinos the partys just never seriously made an effort. Mexicans, Central Am, Caribbean, Chicanos - Cubans are not the only impt communityHow do you make it less effective? Invest in year-round deep canvassing. Data shows that this kind of work helps blunt the force of racial resentment at the polls. If youre always running away from convos about race, then the only ppl owning it are GOP. Youll lose.So the whole progressivism is bad argument just doesnt have any compelling evidence that Ive seen. When it comes to Defund & Socialism attacks, people need to realize these are racial resentment attacks. Youre not gonna make that go away. You can make it less effective.There are swing seat Dem incumbents who cosponsored the Green New Deal, Medicare for All, etc and if Im not mistaken every single one won re-election.Also, the decision to stop knocking doors is one people need to grapple with and analyze. @IlhanMN and @RashidaTlaib never stopped and may very well have helped delivered a Biden Presidency bc of itIdeology + messaging are the spicy convos a lot of people jump to but sometimes its about execution and technical capacity. Digital execution was not good, polls were off, ironically DCCC banned the firms who are the best in the country at Facebook bc they work w progressives!Underinvestment across the board. Some campaigns spent $0 on digital the week before the election. Others who spent did so in very poor ways. If I spent only $12k on TV the week before an election & then blamed others after, youd ask questions. Thats how it looks seeing this.There are folks running around on TV blaming progressivism for Dem underperformance. I was curious, so I decided to open the hood on struggling campaigns of candidates who are blaming progressives for their problems. Almost all had awful execution on digital. DURING A PANDEMIC.What they have done - from @staceyabrams & @fairfightaction to @ConMijente and the whole underrecognized legion of organizers- is nothing short of remarkable. Give them their flowersPeople need to really look at the communities who delivered these miraculous victories in AZ, GA, MI, MN, etc. They are rarely a focus of traditional political investment or electoral strategy,& are often sacrificed in policy negotiations. One thank you would be changing that.@AyannaPressley @Gisella_serene @gisella_serene Always start with listening. Spend lots of time listening to the people youre running to champion, studying solutions, and staying true to yourself. Dont shrink yourself. Be brave. And never harden your heart when things get tough you got thisWho have been some of your favorite grassroots organizers, orgs, collectives, initiatives, etc that have been inspiring you lately?Why do we listen to people who lost elections as if they are experts in winning elections? McCaskill tried her approach. She ran as a caravan-hysteria Dem& lost while grassroots organizers won progressive measures in MO. Her language here shows how she took her base for granted.@TheKateMulgrew @trekonomics One thing I learned watching Janeway growing up is how leadership means being responsible for working through dilemmas w/ no clear answers. All the easy decisions are made before it gets to the top. Janeway leads w/ focus on her mission - to get her crew home. Thank you Kate!@trekonomics This one is deep. Would definitely have to rewatch it but this is solid@pokimanelol League duo bot?! Except I havent played in months Im gonna be real bad. Maybe Among Us again for a bitFeel free to drop ideas / people for the next stream thoughIll do it again soon, but I need a nap. Maybe this week or next@LaPrincesaLola Were keeping it as a year-round organizing centerShout out to the hard work of grassroots organizers who successfully led a wave of marijuana legalization, expungement, & drug decriminalization efforts last night.Shout out to @IlhanMN and @RashidaTlaib for the INCREDIBLE turnout and ground game they ran in two key counties of two key states, MI & MN.In good news: we had a smashing success in our statewide campaign to protect the @NYWFP @WorkingFamilies party ballot line WFP wins = key groundwork for more working class victories. Giddy up. Shout out to @sochiesays for leading the wayLots of people are rediscovering and re-sharing this post this morning, so Im putting it again here. Listen to @esglaude. Really take in his words. The work we have ahead of us is deep, and transcends elections. It always has been. And we are called to do it.Donald Trumps premature claims of victory are illegitimate, dangerous, and authoritarian. Count the votes. Respect the results.We have work to do.I wont comment much on tonights results as they are evolving and ongoing, but I will say weve been sounding the alarm about Dem vulnerabilities w/ Latinos for a long, long time.  There is a strategy and a path, but the necessary effort simply hasnt been put inServing NY-14 and fighting for working class families in Congress has been the greatest honor, privilege, & responsibility of my life. Thank you to the Bronx & Queens for re-electing me to the House despite the millions spent against us, & trusting me to represent you once more.Puerto Rico! En el 2019 salieron a las calles y clamaron justicia. Y hoy es hora de llevar ese movimiento a las urnas. Vota hoyA better world is possible.  Now lets go make it happen.Thank you to all the organizers - electoral and beyond - who have put in so much effort to register, educate, protect, create, and build this year. Progress doesnt happen without the work. You are so deeply appreciated.@WelchForVT Love ya Pete!Todays the day!Publicly complicit*@rafaelshimunov Wow. Thank you for doing this.The audacity of Shell asking YOU what YOURE willing to do to reduce emissions.  Theyre showing you RIGHT HERE how the suggestion that indiv choices - not systems - are a main driver of climate change is a fossil fuel talking point. Yes, make good choices. Reign in FF corps.Im willing to hold you accountable for lying about climate change for 30 years when you secretly knew the entire time that fossil fuels emissions would destroy our planetWe made 2.6 million calls into Texas.  *Today.*I took the Throggs Neck. Heard there was a pileup of chumps on the Whitestone@cmclymer @poweredxpeople @BetoORourke Thank you!Thank you Beto! Yall, we are serious about Texas - flipping this state is not a matter of if, but when. That when can be right now, this year, with your help. People are smashing volunteer phonebank & signup records. We can do this. Join us tonight:The thing about Republicans putting four popular women of color on their ads across the country & acting as though theyre running against us everywhere is... people kinda like what we fight for: healthcare, housing, climate, & justice for all.(Also, the idea that socialists like Dems... lol)The kids love open streets!Curious what you call GOP giving away billions in public funds to Wall St & fossil fuel companies? Or what you call YOUR ability to go to Walter Reed hospital & receive socialized healthcare for free? Funny how its only socialism when others get what yall give yourselves.Saw a Christmas tree up in the neighborhood BEFORE Halloween. Normally Id bust someones chops about it, but you know what? Do what makes you happy. Especially this year. Keep it up till Valentines Day if you want. No rules anymore@MelissaVanderh7 Hi Melissa! Happy to help. DMing you nowWe just made **96,000** get-out-the-vote calls to South Texas TONIGHT, the Saturday before the election. Happy Halloween, GOP!@NelStamp By being brilliant, of course!I spent years working w/ Texas youth and meeting organizers who have been building the groundwork for YEARS to turn Texas blue. Its going to happen. The question is: can make it happen this year? I think so - w/ work. Join me and @sunrisemvmt for a South TX phonebank tonight:I spent years working w/ Texas youth and meeting organizers who have been building the groundwork for YEARS to turn Texas blue. Its going to happen. The question is: can make it happen this year? I think so- with work. Join me and @sunrisemvmt for a South TX phonebank tonight:You heard the woman! Get in the Sienna and bring snacks!This is on top of increased need for mental healthcare for all.  We must make serious investments in our mental health infrastructure across the board, and frontline workers deserve to have specialized care available to them. We thank them by getting them what they need.This has all the conditions of a collective trauma, incl PTSD risk for 1000s of workers. Many of our hospital workers can barely speak about the trauma of 1st COVID spike. Same for home healthcare aides, who opened doors visiting patients not knowing if theyd be alive or not.Its not normal for people to handle this much human loss. We must make serious, long term investments in specialized mental health support for our frontline workers confronting the human toll of COVID day in & day out. Healthcare is a right, and that includes mental health..@LindseyGrahamSC Im not sure you believe in *anything* except preserving yourself. & lets not get started on your climate denial. Ive seen a lot of spinelessness in DC, but youre at the top when it comes to folding on your own values like a wet napkin. SC deserves better.We love you toTonight!@WaywardWinifred Ok chillMinnesotaThe whole country is desperate for a second stimulus, but Republicans fled the Senate the moment they got their anti-everybody justice confirmed.  Meanwhile our team is helping families pick up the pieces from federal neglect. Its criminal and cruel.@h3h3productions@jahimes Thank you, Jim!Republicans are Very Mad (again) about my appearance. This time theyre mad that I look good in borrowed clothes (again). Listen, if Republicans want pointers on looking your best, Im happy to share. Tip #1: Drink water and dont be racistThe whole she wore clothes in a magazine, lets pretend theyre hers gimmick is the classic Republican strategy of lets willfully act stupid, and if the public doesnt take our performative stupidity seriously then well claim bias. GOP, get yourselves together. Its sad.(& I dont know if youve been in a photoshoot Laura, but you dont keep the clothes.)% worth it, would do againToday I stopped by our beloved community health center Plaza Del Sol (@Urbanhealthplan) to get my flu shot! How do flu shots help COVID response?  Lower flu cases fewer flu-related hospitalizations more free beds for COVID treatment. If you can, get your flu shot!Medicare for All. A Green New Deal. Federal Jobs Guarantee. A better world is possible. We just need to choose (and fight for) it.Bronx energy is a renewable resource, excellent for phasing out fossil-fueled attitudes in the workplace@meenaharris@JamaalBowmanNY @RZA LegendaryI try not to curse in public, but...It was impt to me in this piece that as many people working on it as possible repped BIPOC, women, LGBT+ & working class experiences. It happened: @michelleruiz @Tyler_Mitchell_ @walesbonner, #ChristopherJohnRogers, @LoeweOfficial TY @VanityFairCourage is what you see when you play the tape back - because in the moment, it just feels like doing what you believe is right. Thank you @sunrisemvmt & @sunrisemvmtnyc for this. Its truly an honor to work alongside you all.chale ganas, Texas!@sandysal14 We have one!Republicans do this because they dont believe Dems have the stones to play hardball like they do. And for a long time theyve been correct. But do not let them bully the public into thinking their bulldozing is normal but a response isnt. There is a legal process for expansion.Expand the court.Found Jamies handle! @Jamie_SkeeleWe couldnt pick just one! Designers: Halsey Berryman, @Draplin, & Jamie SkeeleFelicidades, Chile!@KateAronoff Credit where credits dueIve hired people w/o degrees who have done incredible, effective, & strategic work. The more college costs soar, the more degrees become a measure privilege than competence. Our country would be better off if we made public colleges tuition-free & cancelled student loan debt.I could say yes, but who cares? Plenty of people without college degrees could run this country better than Trump ever has. As much as GOP cry about elites, theyre the ones who constantly mock food service workers, people w/o degrees, etc as dumb. Its classist & disgusting.We should also shout out & appreciate many of the incredibly hard working poll workers out there who are doing a phenomenal job keeping peoples spirits up in line and working to operate the polls as smoothly as possible given the limitations of the moment. thank you!Voter suppression isnt always abt intent. Whether borne out of conspiracy or incompetence, it almost always yields disparate impact on the working class, communities of color, the under-resourced, etc. And shouldnt an incompetent BOE be recognized as a huge, urgent problem?.@brigidbergin reported on this in 2017:It should be easy to vote - thats not a controversial position to have. And we should deeply care about disenfranchisement wherever it happens.Its not just a matter of long lines either - in this years primary, thousands of voters received their mail-in ballots *after* the election. In 2017, the NYC Board of Elections admitted in court it broke state & fed law by purging hundreds of thousands of voters off the rolls.@mayaharris_ Thank you @mayaharris_Just voted!@thekoreanvegan !! I am such a big fan! What an honor, thank you!THANK YOU @BKunitedMB for elevating everyones spirits hereTHANK YOU to the artists, musicians, snack and lawn chair providers, and everyday cheerleaders sustaining peoples spirits as they wait at the polls. No voting line should ever be hours long, but we will overcome injustice and overwhelm the polls. #VoteEarly #MakeItCountShout out to everyone voting for the first time this year. Ive received lots of messages from people of all ages + backgrounds sharing with me that this is their first time voting. Im so proud of you! CongratulationsWe also developed and mobilized a multi-million dollar COVID relief + check-in operation that was used as a model for other Dem House members. So when people donate on my side, it yields real benefits for people & the party. When GOP hate-donate, they just set money on fire.You can see how corrupt it is when you break down spending. In NY14, GOP is spending on TV, mailers, etc (consultants get a cut of this) In contrast, we did a $1M census outreach effort thatll bring in ~$53M in federal funds for the next 10 years & defend # of NY House seats.One perk about a GOP motivated by hatred is that its irrational and unstrategic. All these millionsRepublicans are hate-pouring into my race (just for shady DC consultants to scoop up & burn) is less money channeled for them in tight swing races. Please keep it up!Looks like an increasingly powerful electorate to me!There is a massive Spanish-language disinformation campaign happening on social media networks targeting our election. Please check in on your parents and family and, if possible, coach them in how to identify questionable content.Its #FireDrillFriday! @Janefonda is throwing down for a Green New Deal today and Im excited to join her as we discuss the path forward for our future@sourpersimmons Just added that, thanks! Open to professionals + nonprofessionals alike@PELOSIBAD 100%(& for professional designers if youd like to submit just your portfolio that works too!)@AlexanderDSoSo Yep, 100%A lot of folks have been asking for #AOCplusMe shirts, but were struggling to make a design! Anyone out there want to give it a shot? If so, reply w your design & submit it via this link. If we find a popular one well reach out abt producing it:Want to discuss what a #GreenNewDeal is *actually* about? Join me and @Janefonda TODAY at 2pm for Fire Drill Friday!The whole conversation about the GND killing jobs is a fossil fuel lobbyist talking point that neglects the fact that MILLIONS more jobs stand to be created by investing in building a national grid, installing millions of solar panels, wind turbines, new infrastructure, etc.If weve been identified as public enemy #1 to the worst president in modern history and an entire party of his sycophants, then we must be doing something right.Interesting... like a New Deal, but Green.AOC is a name given to me by community & the people. Yall can call me AOC. Government colleagues referring to each other in a public or professional context (aka who dont know me like that) should refer to their peers as Congresswoman, Representative,etc. Basic respect 101I wonder if Republicans understand how much they advertise their disrespect of women in debates when they consistently call women members of Congress by nicknames or first names while using titles & last names when referring to men of = stature. Women notice. It conveys a lot.If someone told me 3 years ago, while I was waitressing to help my family stay afloat, that in a few short years an unhinged President of the United States would be repeatedly saying my name at the 2020 debate, I wouldve brought them some water and told them to sober up.@KateAustin_ Already working on itSisterhood is everything.Oh, Ive got a good line of stuff alright:I am so deeply proud of & grateful for each + every one of my House and Senate colleagues who stand for our future & champion the #GreenNewDeal, the boldest climate plan in US history. Here they are below. If you can, tweet them a thank you tonight:Its actually AOC plus 115 because thats how many House and Senate members have cosponsored the most ambitious climate legislation in American history.NEW YORK: Do you want to vote Trump out of office, support a Biden-Harris ticket, & still send a message that the Democratic Party needs to do better & step up for working families? Well, in NY you can do all three at once. Vote Biden-Harris on the @WorkingFamilies Party line.Sometimes it really be the people closest to you@Corpse_Husband@mehdirhasan No :( I get emails that Ive received them but when I pull up my inbox they arent there@AyannaPressley Say the word and Ill set you upThis is niche but sorry to anyone who has DMd me, my Twitter DMs have been broken for a month so if I havent gotten back to you thats whyThank you so much for joining, Myth! Im so excited this is your first time voting! I had a blast. Thanks @IlhanMN, @pokimanelol, @hasanthehun, @DisguisedToast, @mxmtoon, @Jack_Septic_Eye, @Hbomberguy, @DrLupo, @Valkyrae, @Gusbuckets, @Corpse_Husband, @MoistCr1TiKaL & @israhirsiHere we goooo(9pm EST!)Join me, @pokimanelol, @hasanthehun, & more on Twitch TONIGHT as we help folks make a voting plan at and officially declare orange sus on Among Us  Tune in 9pm tonight at@KamalaHarris Happy, happy birthday @KamalaHarris!Dont worry everyone - I havent streamed yet! Spent tonight setting up accounts, mods, streaming & run throughs. Hoping to go live tomorrow nightNot me, Among Us@IlhanMN Ohhh its ON sis!So @exxonmobil & friends, care to tell us the end of this story? Did you coordinate the $25 million?Is the plan to withdraw Barretts nomination? Because if not, Ive got the worlds tiniest violin at the readyGetting set up!@pokimanelol Lets do it! Ill set up and account and get some streaming equipment today@hasanthehun Just DMd you. This sounds fun, lets do itWho would you want to watch in a game together?Anyone want to play Among Us with me on Twitch to get out the vote? (Ive never played but it looks like a lot of fun)@nickieenick1 You did! Thank you@AlxThomp @allymutnick @MaxRose4NY Ah yes, the classic limousine liberal trope of not wanting 12 year olds to be targeted to complete military recruitment forms on video game platformsFYI, Republicans arent free market capitalists either. They just believe in spending billions in public resources to boost their friends, prizes to big corps over mom + pops, & taking a cut for themselves instead of investing in public services like healthcare and education.@BLeeForCongress Thank you @BLeeForCongress!@CoriBush Thank you sis! Cant wait to see you sworn in( IG: Gabriel.himself)Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! I am so deeply grateful for the support, love, friendships, and communities weve made together. Heres to another year of making a better world.  & Lets keep masking up so we can go back to hugs & smooshing faces- love you all!@ThatRabbiCohen Thank you Rabbi Cohen!@RashidaTlaib Thank you sis!@SeeMiaRoll Thank you (and Zini) so much!When politicians use faith as an excuse to pass and uphold laws that seize control of peoples bodies but not guarantee them healthcare, feed the poor, shelter the homeless, or welcome the stranger, you have to wonder if its really about faith at all.Maybe we should be.Genuine question for the media / law enforcement: why are you calling these armed neo-nazi groups breaking the law militias instead of gangs or domestic terrorist groups?Journalists:How do you feel about the Green New Deal is not a climate change question. Try: What is your plan to bring down emissions? so voters actually understand if a candidate even *has* a plan for the worst impending crisis of our time, and can share what it is.I still cant get over how bad the climate change section of the debate was last night. This is the consequence of no climate questions in debates for years. The questions were childish, no follow-up questions for basic information, & there was almost no talk of solutions.Just to be clear: there is nothing pro-life about denying people comprehensive sexual education, making birth control harder to access, forcing others to give birth against their will, and stripping them of healthcare and food assistance afterwards.So what IS the Green New Deal, anyway?For the record @Mike_Pence, its Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez to you.Pence demanding that Harris answer *his* own personal questions when he wont even answer the moderators is gross, and exemplary of the gender dynamics so many women have to deal with at work.Why is it that Mike Pence doesnt seem to have to answer any of the questions asked of him in this debate?The Green New Deal is and has been lied about nonstop, and yet is STILL popular. Its a massive job-creation and infrastructure plan to decarbonize & increase quality of work and life. Its okay to call the GOP out on those lies just as we call them out on all their other lies.Fracking is bad, actually@mattyglesias read the articleArticle cited is here:Today in my IG story: How the Black Panthers Peoples Free Food Program led to Free & Reduced School meal policies nationwide (and inspired #TeamAOCs COVID food relief operation in 2020)@brennansuen Congratulations. Proud of you and your grandmother!What a beautiful story.For all the partisans who think PR statehood automatically = 2 Dem seats: think again. Puerto Rican politics is incredibly complicated bc it isnt on a Dem-GOP spectrum like the US. Its colonized. The sole DC Rep caucuses w/ GOP. We need decolonization, not status imposition@epicciuto Huda Demi Matte in Game ChangerWhat an anti-everybody agenda looks like: The President & GOP are walking away from getting ANY COVID stimulus relief done, effectively endangering millions, after *they* themselves got COVID & enjoyed free socialized healthcare, so they can push through an anti-ACA SCOTUS pick..@TulsiGabbard - You, along with everyone else who amplified this fraudulent story, owe Rep. Omar a public apology.I just want everyone in this country to have the same healthcare I receive as a member of Congress.Thats if the GOP can even sustain a quorum. If not, Dems can call roll and potentially delay proceedings - and we should. We shouldnt give McConnell an inch. Every minute matters.So... you mean to tell us you couldve done this the whole time?@SenSchumer Thank you, @SenSchumer.@MaxRose4NY Ugggh you beat me to this idea!Theres no questionnaire about symptoms, no requirement to report to the House physician if we are experiencing symptoms, no temperature check upon arrival to DC, nothing. Then we all get on planes and travel back to our communities, often twice a week. Its dangerous.400-500+ members of Congress regularly travel from every corner of the country to DC & back. Each time we convene carries with it the potential of a superspreader event. Its absolutely unacceptable that there is no regular temp-taking, testing, or contact tracing protocol.@SeanCastenHow do you lie about the POPEI must say, Ted Cruz making poorly executed memes while riding in the quiet car of the White Supremacist Express is pretty on brand for both him and 2020Palantir needs to be investigated.Love the @NewYorker, but @ewarren and I dont cross picket lines.Listen to @AyannaPressley. The President is many awful things, but when people use diagnoses & treatments such as ADHD as insults, they arent insulting 45 as much as they hurt the millions living with these conditions - many of whom you likely know, but may not be aware of.Donald Trump is a white supremacist. People have been warning about this for a long time. They were ridiculed, called hyperbolic & radical - not bc they were wrong, but bc others couldnt accept that our country elected a supremacist as President. This is fascism at our door.This isnt news, Kellyanne. Our differences are exactly why I joined Bidens Climate Unity Task Force - so we could set aside our differences & figure out an aggressive climate plan to address the planetary crisis at our feet. Trump doesnt even believe climate change is real.When Republicans talk about the Green New Deal being 100 trillion dollars, please know theyre doing that Dr. Evil thing where they shout random, escalating numbers to sound ominous. See for yourself. Its written so you dont need a law degree to read:Can we please stop calling it the issue of race when what were really discussing is the issue of racism@inkydojikko Thank you!Someone call el chacal de la trompeta on Chris Wallace because this is very much an y fuera situationOne major promise that Trump *did* keep was to run the country like he ran his business. Unfortunately for us that means incompetently, fraudulently, and rife with bigotry + corruptionThe nerve of people who ask how are you going to pay for it? whenever we propose building advanced public education, healthcare, & climate infrastructure yet defend a system where Trump pays $750 in taxes and Amazon pays none is beyond me.You can learn more and take a deep dive on voting & money in politics with @voxdotcoms Whose Vote Counts, Explained:Money doesnt have to buy your vote. Each time you look past the flood of TV commercials, scammy Facebook posts and angry mailers to verify the claims you see & think critically, you help fight the corrupting tide of money in politics. Heres howLast year Republicans blasted a firehose of hatred + vitriol my way because I treated myself to a $250 cut & lowlights on my birthday. Wheres the criticism of their idol spending $70k on hairstyling? Oh, its nowhere because theyre spineless, misogynistic hypocrites? Got it.In 2016 & 17, I paid thousands of dollars a year in taxes *as a bartender.* Trump paid $750. He contributed less to funding our communities than waitresses & undocumented immigrants. Donald Trump has never cared for our country more than he cares for himself. A walking scam.@alexbkane Hey there - this event and my involvement was presented to my team differently from how its now being promoted. Thanks for pointing it out. Taking a look into this now.@justinamash Thanks @justinamash, I know how seriously you take your service and restoring the integrity of our legislative process - means a lot.@jsidman @JoselitoHILL @playbookplus ...and it was lovely!Perhaps its the CEO of Wells Fargo who lacks the talent to recruit Black workers.Some more information on the filibusters history for those interested:Sen. Feinsteins protection of the filibuster is unjust & unacceptable. The filibuster wasnt made w/ purpose. Its the result of an accident in rulebook revision & bloomed as a cherished tool of segregationists. Now it empowers minority rule. Thats not special, its unjust.Congressional GOP have made one thing extremely clear: To them, there are no rules. There are no principles. There is only power. They are ruthless, and always have been in my lifetime. Dems must recognize they cannot be reasoned with at present & better adapt to that reality.Dont worry Mrs. Greene, I completely understand why you need to swing + miss at my intellect to make yourself feel better. You seem to have some trouble spelling your own insults correctly. Next time try single-handedly, itll work better. Good luck writing legislation!All our rights are on the line. To protect them, everyday people must mobilize in unprecedented ways to keep the SCOTUS vacancy open & win back the White House + Senate. Meanwhile, the House & Senate must consider using every procedural tool available to buy the country time.I NYI am voting early and in person. Whats your voting plan?3 Reasons the GOP want to take RBGs Supreme Court seat: 1. To gut your healthcare 2. Take away your birth control & control of your body 3. To further dismantle our civil rightsAnd after we work to command victory in November, I need folks to realize that theres no going back to brunch. We have a whole new world to build. We cannot accept going back to the way things were, & that includes the Dem party. We must deliver transformative, material change.Heres what were NOT gonna do: give up. We dont give up when people need us most. Thats not who we are. Our democracy is at a faint heartbeat; it was broken even before Trump. But so long as we can save lives, I believe we have an obligation to do so as we build a new world.You do not need to, nor should you, ignore your fears - there is plenty to be afraid of - but we have possibilities before us. We can win, we can succeed, but we cannot do it alone. We will need the people. We must get to work. Everyone matters. Everyone has something to give.Our first, no 1 priority is to do everything possible to secure electoral college victory in Nov.  This is the fight of and for our lives. That has always been true, & it becomes more true each day. Opponents of democracy need your resignation to succeed. Dont give it to them.Now is not the time for cynicism or hopelessness. There is and continues to be political possibility to preserve our democracy & move forward. It will require each & every one of us, from the streets to the Senate, to grow in courage, strength, and strategy. But it is possible.We have lost a giant in the history of our nation with the passing of Ruth Bader Ginsburg. It is heartbreaking that in her final moments she was, as are many others, preoccupied with what would happen after her passing. I want to make one thing clear: we can, and must, fight.Believe me, I too wish that a little carbon tax here &a little fuel efficiency there would solve this. There was a time in the early 90s where those policies couldve made an enormous difference. But our leadership failed & ran out the clock. Now we need WWII-level mobilization.Its almost as if the climate crisis was punted for so long due to fossil fuel lobbyists & weak political leadership that its exploded to become so large + lethal that we now need a massive infrastructure & jobs plan to decarbonize the economy on a rapid timeline #GreenNewDealSome days I wake up & it seems theres 500 GOP wannabes pitching themselves as the anti-AOC. First of all, as Republicans yall dont have the range. Secondly, most of you are just afraid to run against your actual Dem opponent. Its lazy. Work harder.NYC taxi drivers were targeted in an enormous predatory lending scheme for city-issued medallions, creating horrifying financial desperation that has cost lives. Last year I questioned witnesses regarding the predatory lending crisis & they agreed - this debt must be cancelled.Hey you! You matter. You count. And we need to count YOU to determine the next 10 years of school funding, elected representation, and so much more. Please take 5 minutes right now to fill out your census and pass on to your friends:My @USPS stamp haul today: 1. Succulent Boutonniere stamp 2. Thank You gold foil stamps 3. Earth Day forever stampsAggressive, overreaching wealth redistribution *does* happen in the United States, it just happens in the opposite direction conservatives scream about: our system takes money away from everyday people and siphons it towards the profanely wealthy.It wasnt just the right wing. The reason I didnt choose a more comfortable term for targeting & detaining groups largely by ethnicity w/o trial in camps w/ malnutrition, sexual assault, permanent psychological trauma + bodily harm is bc we shouldnt be comfortable about it.Cannabis should be legalized & records should be expunged ASAP. Its strange that the more conservative step of decriminalization is seen by some as too controversial or risky. Each day we postpone is a day we let communities be ravaged & profiled. It must end. #LegalizeItIts astounding that after a massive family separation operation, mass sexual assault of detainees, trapping immigrants in COVID-infected detention centers, and now reports of mass hysterectomies (which the US has done before), abolishing ICE is controversial. Wheres the line?The fact of the matter is the United States has engaged in a program of mass human rights violations targeting immigrants. This includes mass child separation, systemic sexual assault of people in detention, kangaroo-court procedures, & more. Our country must atone for it all.The HEROES Act the House passed months ago covers several (but not all) of these points. GOP Senators, pledging allegiance to Mitch McConnell, have intentionally sat on this bill & did nothing. People are starving. Babies are sleeping on car floors. Where is the needed urgency?Mass evictions could be prevented if Congress prioritized struggling people 1/2 as much as it prioritizes Wall St bailouts. Its never too late to help people w/: - rent + mortgage relief - 2nd stim check - UI extension - Emergency state & local funding - Expand Medicare & moreRemember when I said this over a year ago and it was treated as a highly controversial statement@AyannaPressley Can we talk about this collar jewelry!! The lip color! Are you glowing up without me?! whew, Im taking notes.@AyannaPressley I believe you dropped thisEver notice how primary challenges from progressives are derided as divisive and bad for the party, yet folks are oddly silent about how the center/conservative wing of the party just spent millions trying to unseat me, Ilhan, Rashida, & Ed Markey? Funny how that works.If the USPS is surprised we are issuing a subpoena, its because they werent listening. I said directly in the hearing that if DeJoy didnt quickly hand over documents, we should issue a subpoena. They knew the consequences of stalling. Now, wheres his unaltered calendar?On a personal note, when I first got to Congress the reception I got in many spaces was v chilly. Ed Markey wasnt afraid. He offered his expertise & partnership. He wasnt scared of big policy & didnt use kid gloves. Its great to watch him overcome the odds and win tonight.Congratulations @EdMarkey - yours is a victory for the progressive movement, for 21st century policy, and for the Green New Deal  THANK YOU to every single voter, supporter, organizer, grassroots donor, & everyday person who helped make this happen. This win belongs to youMA: Lets run up the NUMBERS for @AyannaPressleys re-election today! She is one of the most gifted history makers, public servants, and policy minds that our country has today. Lets help her shatter turnout for #MA07 - get out your vote!Its not your age that counts - its the age of your ideas. - Phonebank for @EdMarkey here:Massachusetts: You have one of the most progressive Senate delegations in the United States. Today is the day to protect it & champion a Green New Deal  VOTE @EdMarkey for US Senate  #GreenNewDealmaker@RepDennyHeck @FSCDems Thank you @RepDennyHeck! Its been wonderful working on FSC with you.I know theres a lot going on, but please, please pay attn to the path of Hurricane Laura. Get yourself & your family to safety now if evacuation orders cover your area. This hurricane is on a devastating path. The arriving storm surge is being deemed unsurvivable by @NWSNHC.(And btw - if they give a substantive answer to open a conversation, great! But words matter a great deal in moments like these, and we shouldnt simply repeat them without giving real thought to understanding why)For media outlets and journalists choosing to use the word boycott over strike, we should ask them to explain why.Your cover title is wrong. You need to change it to STRIKE.NBA players are courageously on strike (withholding labor), NOT boycotting (withholding their $ /purchase). The diff is important bc it shows their power as *workers.* The courage this takes is profound. WNBA organizing in this moment MUST be recognized too. #StrikeForBlackLives.@NydiaVelazquez, the first mujer Boricua in the House, & I co-wrote this piece about PR political status if youd like to read more. Very grateful for her leadershipSay it with me: the issue of DC & Puerto Rico statehood are not the same. PR is a colony of the United States. Justice isnt the colonizing country deciding fate for the colonized. It is the peoples decision. The word is self-determination, not statehood. Gracias!@KaleighRogers Normally I would agree, but this instance went far, far beyond a tweet - the article, headline, etc repeated the frame and reposted across multiple social networks and their own website SEO@RepBrendanBoyle Thanks @RepBrendanBoyle!The woman the GOP picked as their proud Latina to tout immigrant experience didnt seem to know that Puerto Rico is already part of the United States. Its quite on message, bc it reflects their belief that Latinos arent real citizens, even when we are Native descendants.Here is my new mascot proposal: Progressives take elephants from Republicans, bc they are compassionate, empathetic creatures w nuanced social structures.  General Dems can keep Donkeys if desired - we can unite under that tent. Republicans are Honey BadgersHonestly elephants deserve so much better than to be a mascot for thisGOP 2020: We have no vision, no values, and no beliefs.Want to learn a bit about how I prep for hearings? Check out my IG stories@jilly_peppa@disabledfoodie @RBReich I got you!(: Kennedi Carter)These women are my lifeline. I wouldnt have been able to survive this first term without their sisterhood. Thank you @VanityFair for giving us & 22 activists space to champion Black maternal health, housing, civil rights and economic justice for all.Praying for Jacob Blake, his children, and his family. Its not enough to paint slogans. We need systemic change: ending qualified immunity, changing budget priorities, investing in communities harmed by overpolicing, and more. The solutions are out there. We must act on them.@philmartinjr No worries! Happy to say hello on the Northeast Corridor anytime@liamkerr Its not a departure. I can still believe those things and find them consistent with what Im saying here.Talk to me again about how a Green New Deal goes too far to address the problem@Maria_HinojosaThe House passed a second stimulus & UI extensions months ago. Republicans have abandoned the process bc they got their big corporate bailout wish in CARES. Wall St was/is their main priority, so now they have no incentive to come back to the table to help people. Its shameful.Yup(My answer: I host one per month minimum. Pre-COVID, I rotated locations between the Bronx & Queens. These days we do all-digital ones that you can join via Zoom and later find on YouTube)How often does your member of Congress (House or Senate) host town halls? Have you ever gone to one?Watch the full video here:Happy Friday! Beauty is political. Thanks @voguemagazine for a conversation on what it means to work a red lip on Capitol Hill. Get ready with us at the full video link below@AlxThomp If I had a second for every time someone said X got more time than me Id pool them together and give them to @JulianCastroEd Markey earns peoples support bc he is a Senator who actually uses his power and privilege to advance change, instead of denigrating, watering down, or finger-wagging the community leaders demanding it. I cannot communicate enough how rare a quality that is in Washington.Wow, really heartbroken to hear what a guy who thinks windmill cancer is a thing thinks about my climate policy. Anyways check out our Green New Deal plan for Public Housing, we worked w/ scientists, building trade workers & NYCHA residents to write it:@TaylorLorenz Its easy to say dont read the comments, but thats nearly impossible when part of your job is engaging the public w/ your work. If youre going to do it, try to look for substantive responses & dont get stuck in bad faith stuff. Your reporting is impt &has taught me a lot!Ilhans multimillion challenge was bankrolled by DC lobbyists & dark money groups. He blatantly admitted to using shell corporations to get around the DCCC blacklist, which all but means his vendors work w/ the Democratic Party. Yet DCCC hasnt enforced policy. I wonder whyNo one gets to complain about primary challenges again.  So @dccc, when can we expect you to reverse your blacklist policy against primary orgs? Because between this & lack of care around @IlhanMNs challenger, it seems like less a policy and more a cherry-picking activity.All the heinous things that Bannon is responsible for and its a GoFundMe page that does him in. Mediocre till the very end.This is extremely concerning. The pantry is absolutely not bare. We need massive investment in our country or it will fall apart. This is not a joke. To adopt GOP deficit-hawking now, when millions of lives are at stake, is utterly irresponsible. Hold the line. Win. Lead..@NBCNews still hasnt apologized. It doesnt matter how big a legacy brand a news division has, this kind of manipulative behavior is dangerous & needs to be checked. We saw what happened in 16. This recklessness will easily extend to the Dem ticket if it doesnt stop now.I am taking this seriously because we have seen this recklessness before in 16. We have seen click-hungry media coverage bring voters to a froth for no reason but views. It was me this week, but they will do it to Kamala, Biden, or anyone else next week. It needs to stop now.Yes. NBCs misleading headline, which had thousands of people confused and angry, wasnt a mistake. It was clickbait. It wasnt just a tweet, either. It was repeated in other headlines & posts. @NBCNews still hasnt apologized. As stated here, this is on their entire news team.@BethYarnall I got you! Its Tarte matte tint in EnvyYes! So many people havent gotten this yet. As wonderful as they are concerts, meme attempts, even the presence of younger politicians alone isnt what activates young peoples votes. Policy commitments do. Young voters should be recognized & respected as any other electorate.Powerful, moving, history in the making. We are going to put in every ounce of work and effort we have to make you our next Vice President, @KamalaHarris. And you will be an incredible one.Love it. And love her remarks on the crucial role of childcare in economic life and the interwoven threads of our economy. Thank you, @ewarren!These horrifying ICE reports are not one-off incidents. ICE, like many unjust structures, is not broken. It is operating in the logical conclusions of its founding. ICE is structured for dehumanization. Experts warned abt this in its creation in 03. Another way is possible.If you believe people have to go to an elite university to know what racism, classism and xenophobia are, maybe that is a reflection of *your* class/race experience more than it is anyone elses. Working class people are just as perceptive as the privileged. Oftentimes more so.En el espritu del pueblo.So @NBCNews how are you going to fix the incredible amount of damage and misinformation that you are now responsible for? Because a 1:15am tweet to slip under the radar after blowing up a totally false and divisive narrative across networks isnt it.This is completely unacceptable, disappointing, and appalling. The DNC shared the procedural purpose of my remarks to media WELL in advance. @NBC knew what was going to happen & that it was routine. How does a headline that malicious & misleading happen w/ that prior knowledge?You waited several hours to correct your obvious and blatantly misleading tweet. It sparked an enormous amount of hatred and vitriol, & now the misinfo you created is circulating on other networks. All to generate hate-clicks from a pre-recorded, routine procedural motion.@choo_ek Its true, and its exhausting.Congratulations, @JoeBiden - I deeply look forward to fighting for our future together and reclaiming our democracy in November. Thank you @DemConvention for having me deliver Sen. Sanders roll call nomination speech. Its been an absolute honor. #NotMeUs & #Biden2020If you were confused, no worries! Convention rules require roll call & nominations for every candidate that passes the delegate threshold. I was asked to 2nd the nom for Sen. Sanders for roll call. I extend my deepest congratulations to @JoeBiden - lets go win in November.Listen to Ms. JacobsCongress gave the airline industry billions in bailouts under the guise of preserving good, dignified jobs in this pandemic crisis. This money isnt for CEO pay, stock prices, or to pad profits. Its for workers. I hope @JetBlue makes good on this contract that workers deserve.If I can regularly roast Trump sycophants in 280 characters or less, I can speak to progressive values in 60 secs (& maybe filibuster a few extra ). Meanwhile, youre supporting GOP sabatoge of peoples medicine, votes, etc by mail bc apparently democracy means nothing to you.Incredibly powerful, deeply moving remarks. Thank you @MichelleObama. #DemConventionWe can build bridges & not lose sight of our values. Its important to remember that Kasich is an anti-choice extremist. He 100% will (and has) signed away our reproductive rights the moment he has the opportunity to do so. He is not a friend to workers.Its great that Kasich has woken up &realized the importance of supporting a Biden-Harris ticket. I hope he gets through to GOP voters. Yet also, something tells me a Republican who fights against womens rights doesnt get to say who is or isnt representative of the Dem party.See you there. #SaveThePostOfficeI am not one to plead - I organize. But the GOP lack of urgency here is costing lives. Missed insulin, no formula, babies &families sleeping on car floors or in the elements. We can solve this problem. Please table your demands for corporations aside for a moment & feed people..@senatemajldr, @MarkMeadows, @tedcruz, @SenatorCollins, Trump, the whole @GOP - Please read this and see how many millions of Americans are in this or similar positions. The pain is unspeakable. Please have mercy for them. Lets extend $600 UI & send a second round of checks.@iamcardib Women Against Patriarchy (WAP) 2020NYPD union endorsed Trump. Im sure this is part of their neighborhood outreach plan. Also, does anyone else see a potential problem with police unions - enforcement arms of the state with lethal weapons - promoting preferred candidates for office or is that just me?Hey, you! I know theres a lot going on. But one way you can REALLY help political representation is by filling out your Census. If you have, get your friends + family to do it, too. Its okay if you lost the code in the mail. Fill it out here:@koush One freshman member cannot reconvene the entire House, launch a large scale investigations, etc alone. But Congressional leadership can. What I can do is voice my readiness to pursue a plan of action, address this emergency, and head back now if that is whats necessary.Agreed.Its not a coincidence that the GOP advanced tropes about non-citizenship to President Obama, Reps. Tlaib, Omar & Pressley, & now Sen. Kamala Harris; especially in moments of power. Implying poc dont belong in our country is one way of protecting a white supremacist vision.Whether its wheres the birth certificate? to send her back! to where were her parents from?- these contrived claims (which are almost never levied at white US officials born abroad) catch on bc the supremacist idea that poc are inherently less legitimate has deep roots.White supremacy is a belief system based on the idea that ppl of color, esp Black ppl, are fundamentally illegitimate as equal citizens or human beings. Calling into question the citizenship of elected officials of color, esp when the answer is obvious, is one way it manifests.Its not just Trump thats destroying the US Post Office. Its the entire Republican Party. Senate & House GOP could easily override a Trump veto of postal funding and help oversight. Republicans are working with Trump to destroy the USPS and sabotage the delivery of ballots.Team AOC is hiring! Field organizers, video producers, creative directors, and more to help us win a future for the many with Medicare for All, a federal jobs guarantee, dismantling systemic racism & a Green New Deal Apply hereLets make a deal, Mr. President: You release your college transcript, Ill release mine, and well see who was the better student. Loser has to fund the Post Office.@Students4Markey@mjacobs324 Ms. Jacobs! Is that you?!  Yes, I do remember the poems we recited in second grade! You prepared me perfectly for this moment. Thank you for teaching me, encouraging my growth, and believing in me as a childI only have a minute. Sixty seconds in it. Forced upon me, I did not choose it, But I know that I must use it. Give account if I abuse it. Suffer, if I lose it. Only a tiny little minute, But eternity is in it. - Dr. Benjamin E. Mays (and recited by Elijah Cummings)@jennychen8601 Thank you for your serviceLets GO! Massachusetts, we need to turn this into VOTES. Reasons to vote for Ed Markey: 1. He is one of the strongest progressive champs we have in the Senate 2. His Boston accent is so classic it helps me forgive that hes a Red Sox fan Vote Markey. Please and thank you!Link to the workshop RSVP was broken - here it is:Want to learn an organizing skill that can immediately help w/ childcare? Well, youre in luck! TONIGHT @JabariBrisport & I are hosting a workshop on how to safely organize a community childcare collective. Live Spanish translation & CC provided. RSVP:I want folks to recognize how big of a triumph @IlhanMNs victory represents. Tens of millions in big money was targeted to unseat 3 of us as safe Dems - almost unheard of. This is what happens you deeply challenge systems of power and corruption. But the people triumphed.Minnesota: Today is primary day, and a wonderful day to re-elect Ilhan Omar! Ilhans progressive national leadership has brought transformative approaches to healthcare, housing, and more. Head to the polls and remind your friends and family to vote as well.Billionaires need the working class.  The working class does not need billionaires.Another reason we need real economic support for families (extended UI, stimulus checks, payment relief, etc) is to make school reopening plans w/ the purpose of maximizing public health, rather than sacrifice peoples lives to fuel an economy that doesnt even value theirs.If its not safe enough for indoor dining, what makes it safe enough for indoor schooling? (...and restaurants actually have soap in the bathrooms)This direct aid has benefited over 40 diff efforts, from food distribution w @hungrymonknyc to helping immigrant families excluded from the CARES Act w/ @NYSYLC & @VendorPower. In a just society, none of this would be necessary. But well do everything we can until we get there.As federal response continues to be insufficient, our supporters have been stepping up to help families ourselves. Im proud to announce that #TeamAOC has raised over *$1 million* in direct aid to people - all from small dollar, grassroots donations.@PrincesSydney_ So glad we could help you all out. Stay safe!Our Fall series of #TeamAOC Organizing workshops are here! Want to learn how to set up a childcare collective, organize your workplace for COVID safety, and more? Join us and learn! RSVP:The incentives are certainly there. Dems believe in antitrust, reigning in monopolies, and checking abuse of corporate power. Zuckerberg himself said hed go to the mat and fight against these points. Could that include weaponizing FBs platform to influence our elections?Remember when I asked Zuckerberg why he allowed a white supremacist-linked org to be an official fact checker for Facebook and he wouldnt give a straight answer? Maybe this is why: Facebooks right-wing radicalization funnels are looking increasingly intentional & designed@stevenjfrisch This account is labeled as a campaign account bc I engage in advocacy on it. My governmental account is @RepAOC, where I share our legislative efforts, public announcements, etc.So... while 2020 is highly unpredictable, I *definitely* did not expect to be nominated for an Emmy Award for our Green New Deal project with @theintercept, @mollycrabapple, @NaomiAKlein & others. Rather shocked & very grateful. Please watch it here:@PrincesSydney_ DMing you now to connect you with our teamJust as purveyors of misinformation are constantly testing new techniques, so should we in verifying info. Not everything we try is going to work. Is a ban on political ads the best route? Prob not. But at least theres a willingness to recognize how dangerous misinfo is & act.I appreciate that Twitter is a platform thats at least *trying* to stop disinformation, verifying news outlets, etc. Stopping misinformation isnt abt sitting around for years debating ideas. Its about testing tactics, trying ideas, etc to find whats effective.Two years ago, three out of the four women running grassroots campaigns in @knockdownmovie lost their primary election. Today, 3 out of 4 won. If you havent seen it yet, you can find @CoriBushs story in Knock Down the House on YouTube (& Netflix):Please put some respect on @RashidaTlaibs victory last night. She didnt survive - she *overwhelmed* at the polls. Throughout our first term, weve been told our advocacy is too much to be re-elected. Instead, voters supported her in huge margins.Absolutely incredible. Congratulations, @CoriBush - YOU accomplished this w/ the people of Ferguson & #MO1. Youve shown that the power of grassroots, mass-movement politics is stronger than gatekeepers & big money - its about advancing the tide of justice whose time has come.in a*Pretty nauseating how easily Congress rubber stamped a $4 trillion dark slush fund for Wall St as COVID relief, yet somehow $600 for workers in pandemic is controversial. Up close its staggering how much resistance there is in Washington to actually helping people directly..@NationalNurses in my community CONSTANTLY communicate how housing is a major determinant of health. A wave of evictions + housing instability means yet another crush on our healthcare system. We must do whatever we can to guarantee housing during this pandemic (& overall!)@mattgmaher Thank you so much, this is incredible! You are so talented!@padrealberto @YourFavXtian Greetings - I have in fact made several statements about this clip being intentionally manipulated out of context, & those who misled abt what I said. My statements can be easily found on my Twitter feed or in reports on the matter. Hope you all are doing well and staying safe!@SimonDunn321 @AnandWrites Oh hey! Didnt see this. Thanks for the update@AnandWrites If it makes you feel any better, I got hostage video and your screencap is much more dashingIt is ironic that many claiming to defend a saint no one attacked approached this matter w/ such lack of grace or generosity. Instead of examining for truth, many jumped to irrational conclusions & sprung to cast judgement & condescension w/o engaging the actual idea presentedWe have 100+ statues and portraits in the Capitol. Almost all of them are of white men. Every single statue there could be of a canonized saint and that *still* doesnt change the fact that the erasure of women & BIPOC from American history is a feature of white supremacy.Yep. At no point did I say Fr. Damien was a bad figure - in fact, I explicitly stated that my observations werent about litigating his or any individual statue. Its about the fact that a huge supermajority of statues in the Capitol are white men. Barely any women or BIPOC.@johnrobertgage Frankly this isnt even a hard point to understand, especially for a journalist.  Its also clear you understood this point well enough to identify the relevant context in the video and deliberately erase it in an effort to stir up controversy.@johnrobertgage 1. Unsure why you cut the context of the video. Heres moments prior 2. Read the text of the video you posted: its not about litigating an indiv person or statue, but examining that the TOTALITY of all 100+ statues are almost all white & male,incl to rep largely nonwhite placesAbolishing ICE isnt a radical thing to do, its a humane thing to do.@RepAdams @RepAOC Thank you for picking this one out for me! What an honorRep. Connolly knows whats up thanks for the support!The good news: a majority of the Dem party supported this amendment. Thats a really solid start for this being the first time this issue has been brought before Congress. Weve made great strides since *that* Senate FB hearing, but weve got a lot of room to still improve!When our legislative bodies arent sufficiently responsive to tech, then that means we dont have the tools required to protect people. This is partially why companies know way more about you than you may even be aware of - bc its legal, and Congress is struggling to keep up.Some context for a few folks getting upset at this: Congress is voting on legislation regarding Twitch today. Its totally fine if you dont know what Twitch is. But tech literacy is becoming an growing need in Congress so we can legislate to protect peoples privacy, etc.Imagine trying to explain to your colleagues who are members of Congress what Twitch isThis is awesome. So often young people are told to contact their legislator, but its hard to know if a call or tweet made a difference. Thank you @RepTedDeutch for not only supporting this amendment, but showing how direct outreach can impact legislative outcomes!- War is not a game - Twitch is a popular platform for children FAR under the age of military recruitment rules - We should not conflate military service with shoot-em-up style games and contests The Marines pulled out of Twitch for a reason. Its time to follow their lead.The root of the problem is not necessarily format. Its that theres so much pressure on members of both parties to spend time fundraising that it takes time away from deeply studying and preparing for hearings. If you want hearings to be better, get money out of politics.More info:I am happy to inform you that Ive already introduced an amendment to block your latest racist, classist nonsenseThe main reason unemployment benefits are poised to expire on Friday is bc Trumps White House & the GOP are refusing to extend them. They seem to think people can be starved into taking 30 million jobs that dont exist. This callous game playing w peoples lives is horrifying.@Chinchillazllla Its not a conspiracy, I tweeted it too early. This bill is part of a suite of leg that *includes* rent cancellation, its not a replacement/sub for it. We should do all of it, and any lawyers should be publicly funded too. The initial tweet implies a wrong context.Our civil liberties are on brink. This is not a drill. There is no excuse for snatching women off the street and throwing them into unmarked vans. To not protect our rights is to give them away. It is our responsibility to resist authoritarianism.Por qu no los billionaires?@taylrn Me :)Up to 40 million people could be evicted if the federal gov doesnt act boldly enough. Right now, the risks of doing too little for COVID relief far outweigh the risk of doing too much for families. People need rent + mortgage relief, 2nd stimulus check, & extended PUA *now.*Everyone who just donated $1 or more during my IG livestream just now has officially just done more for essential workers who are undocumented than Mitch McConnell has all year. We hit over $60k for @NYSYLC tonight! Thank you!Thanks for bringing us together for an incredible conversation, @mPinoe! It was wonderful spending time with you, @nhannahjones & @hasanminhaj to discuss our present and future.@RealLyndaCarter Thank you for being a shining example of a womans strength! Happy birthday@tedlieu Its an honor to serve with you, Ted. Thank you for being an example to the world of how to be a decent man.This is incorrect reporting, @politicony. Yohos remarks were not directed to me. He did not mention my name, nor did he acknowledge that I was even involved. You should take this down and correct it.He didnt even say my name.- Does not apologize or name any action he did - Does not accept responsibility - Lies (this was not a conversation, it was verbal assault) - Distracts by making it abt poverty (ironically) - Says everyone else is wrong and the incident never happened. This is not an apology.@AyannaPressley Love you sisWhats wild to me @RogerWilliamsTX is why would you blatantly lie to a reporter who saw this exchange? You were yelling at me too, about throwing urine.Gotta love Republican courage from Rep @RogerWilliamsTX: when he undeniably sees another man engaged in virulent harassment of a young woman, just pretend you never saw it in the most cartoonish manner possible and keep pushing. (Hes lying, by the way. He joined in w/ Yoho)I never spoke to Rep. Yoho before he decided to accost me on the steps of the nations Capitol yesterday. Believe it or not, I usually get along fine w/ my GOP colleagues. We know how to check our legislative sparring at the committee door. But hey, b*tches get stuff done.@kilmeade Wish I could say I appreciate the effort, but you didnt even get my name right.So @kilmeade as a Fox News host are you going to take responsibility for spreading fabricated information about a sitting member of Congress or...?Federal law enforcement officers should have their identifying information displayed while on duty. This is basic. @EleanorNorton and I have introduced legislation to make it law:The United States of America should not have secret police.There are simply no words to capture the enormous life and leadership of John Lewis.  From his youth, John Lewis gave his blood, sweat, tears, and life in the struggle for a better nation. To honor that gift is to fight for future generations, just as he fought for us.Any budget thats balanced on working peoples backs is a budget that will make inequality worse. Everyday families are going hungry. Its time to tax the rich. Thank you @MaketheRoadAct for leading this fight along w/ @JumaaneWilliams, @jessicaramos, @yuhline, & many others.Did you know that there are 118 billionaires... in New York alone? And that theyve made billions more during COVID? Did you know that the very workers billionaires rely on are going hungry & without healthcare? This is wrong. If Trump cut their taxes, NY should pick them up.Reporting on this is being shared by @verge and other outlets:Hey everyone - there seems to be a large Twitter attack right now targeting large accounts. Please be vigilant about any bitcoins scams and do NOT click on any suspicious links. Just in case, if my account tweets any bizarre links related to cryptocurrency, do NOT click on it.Over 100,000 Americans are dead and Congress wont extend Medicare to the unemployed bc its too busy protecting a corporate system that makes pandemics insanely profitable for Wall St. This is what capitalist healthcare looks like, & its wrong. People shouldnt die for profit.This man was experiencing homelessness, and left a crowded shelter. Did this confrontation have to happen? Or could it have been prevented if we had invested in guaranteed housing and jobs, social/health first responders, educational opportunities, expanded UI, etc?Gentle reminder to file your taxes today!  Due to COVID, Tax Day this year was postponed to TODAY, July 15th.Si es Trump, tiene que ser corruptoA man whose entire life was built on a rich blend of daddys money and financial fraud accuses me, daughter of a house cleaner who won multiple elections to Congress by the age of 30, of not having talent.  You can tell from his delivery that even HE doesnt believe it.The House voted to send a 2nd stimulus check *2 mos ago* & Senate Republicans havent even discussed it. For a party that pretends to care abt hard work, they are the laziest leaders in COVID. Even House GOP work harder, & they dont even read bills. GET TO WORK @senatemajldrFor those who say, she may ask, but wont get it - one reason she may not is bc of unusual public scrutiny here. Esp when public isnt looking, leniency for the wealthy happens all the time. Epstein was given highly unusual accommodations for his violence until it grew public.See? The rich make the case for prison abolition *for themselves* all the time (and often get it), incl for systemic violence, yet are never deemed radical. Its only radical left when we ask our legal system to treat normal people 1/10000th of the way it treats the wealthy.@R3dzDead @FionnOnFire Sometimes I play Soraka and her ult is definitely the Medicare for All of the game@jd_360 Thank you The support means a lot.@FionnOnFire Won my promos on Sona, but I also play Janna, Lux, and Morg. Working on my Lulu, but its not ready for prime time yet@tempusrob One can say my role is to support the people@cmykjester Definitely. Right-wing twitter is childs play compared to inting 13 year olds(For folks asking: on League)My small quarantine accomplishment: made it to Silver IIII am deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Naya Rivera. The talent and depth Naya brought to her characters inspired millions. As a Latina, its rare to have rich, complex characters reflect us in media. Naya worked hard to give that gift to so many. Que descanse en paz.For example, I have heard employers say we already offer great benefits, why bother unionizing? We offered great benefits too - many of which were ratified in our contract! A union can also: a) Protect these benefits, &/or b) Establish impt non-monetary rights & protectionsThis whole process was really eye-opening & I learned a lot! As a nonprofit employee & a waitress, I always worked in right-to-work places. Seeing the power of a union up close was inspiring. I also gained insight into anti-union arguments, which is helpful for countering them.From living wages to parental leave, its always been impt to me that wherever possible, my campaign walks the walk. Im proud to say that Team AOC is a union shop! Some deets: - $18/hr min - Overtime - Childcare benefit - Healthcare - Paid leave - Immigrant & Trans protectionsIts not as though a vote happens and the full sum of money disappears the next day. That not how it works. People who study crime know that (despite how many pundits pretend otherwise), *causes of crime are complex* and there are few neat and tidy causal relationships.None of these policing reductions have even *happened yet.* So a spike is happening WITH a $6 billion dollar NYPD budget. You either know this & are intentionally lying, or youre a bad spokeswoman & havent verified your claims. Given your work with @NRA its probably both.Its our real life. While it takes months, sometimes years to study crime data, I personally can tell you that fed & state relief is NOT reaching people. We arent getting stimulus checks (mixed status fams), millions cant pay rent, & summer youth employment has been cut. /7I take this issue seriously. Unlike many of GOP pundits theorizing from suburban homes, Ive had multiple family members shot, shot at, stabbed, etc. Crime + community violence isnt some thought experiment to project your thoughts & theories abt communities youve never met. /6Mind you, there are entire TV series glamorizing, humanizing, and sympathizing White Americans in this exact situation of selling drugs to live - Weeds, Breaking Bad, etc. But fact is, Black & Brown communities have been in this predicament forever & get called animals. /5For Black & Brown communities, especially in the era of criminalization, the choice to sell weed of course is a risky one - not just w/ police, but with those you get tied up with. Yet when a teenage boy believes the other option is homelessness, they may take the chance. /4Its virtually impossible to pay rent on $8/hr. And when you are teenage boy in a fatherless home (his dad passed away), there is a drive to be the man of the house. To help your mom. And what makes money fast when a full time job doesnt pay enough to live? Selling weed. /3Let me give you a real life example that Ive encountered often (wording vaguely to protect people). Growing up I was friends w/ a boy who was the son of a single mom. They struggled to pay rent. As we know, hourly work doesnt pay a living wage - especially then. /2Republicans are all upset that Im connecting the dots between poverty and crime. I know most of them havent experienced or seen these issues first hand, but I have. This may be hard for them to admit, but poverty and crime are highly linked, both violent & nonviolent alike.Anyways, if you want to support a Texan Latino leader who actually gives a damn about our community and advances progressive causes, join @JulianCastro and I next week in support of People First  Details here:GOP boycotting Nike over Kaepernick = free speech Dems boycott anything= suppression I know consistency isnt your thing, but pick a lane. Trump targeted Latinos on Day 1. Caged our kids. And you defend it. Your habichuelas probably taste like your politics anyway: 0 saznMany of the people actually cancelled are those long denied a fair hearing of their ideas to begin w/: Palestinian human rights advocates Abolitionists Anticapitalists Anti-imperialists Not spicy contrarians who want to play devils advocate w/ your basic rights in the NYTI have an entire TV network dedicated to stoking hatred of me. A white supremacist w/ a popular network show regularly distorts me in dangerous ways, & its a normal part of my existence to get death threats from their audience. You dont see me complaining abt cancel cultureThe term cancel culture comes from entitlement - as though the person complaining has the right to a large, captive audience,& one is a victim if people choose to tune them out. Odds are youre not actually cancelled, youre just being challenged, held accountable, or unliked.People who are actually cancelled dont get their thoughts published and amplified in major outlets. This has been a public service announcement.Get yourself friends like these: this tweet wasnt up for TWO MINUTES when my friend hit me up with the recipe. (Their note: the ginger is controversial, but worth it) (For accessibility: 4 Salt, 1 paprika, 1 cumin, 1 celery powder, 2 garlic powder, .5 ginger , 1 chili powder)Oh look, its the sound of me Googling how to make your own AdoboFolks cant pay rent & our GOP Senate + Trump are lighting the match for our housing crisis to explode.  NY: were going to help teach you how to defend yourself from eviction. Join me, @JamaalBowmanNY & @housing4allNY for an eviction defense workshop:Above all, I keep hearing that booming voice of our forever Chairman Elijah Cummings. He had a mantra of sorts for us: be efficient and effective. He operated w/ precision &was one of the best leaders Ive ever seen. A master. I hope hed be satisfied to see todays SC ruling.What I love about the work of @OversightDems is that its investigatory & collaborative, w/ rippling effects. Its slow work, but thats what makes it so gratifying - the committee will spend months, sometimes years laying groundwork that contributes to huge moments & shifts. /2@mmcauliff Sunrise was represented on the task force w/ @VarshPrakash@mcbyrne Yes, each Task Force had varying space in which we were able to advance positions. Ultimately, VP is the nominee & will hold positions we disagree w/(or find baffling!). But thats okay. The gains are great precommitments, the losses arent veto threats-organizing can still winOf course, like in any collaborative effort, there are areas of negotiation and compromise. But I do believe that the Climate Task Force effort meaningfully & substantively improved Bidens positions. I encourage you to engage the document critically and offer feedback or Qs.The Climate Task Force has agreed to elevate Bidens climate standards across the board & adopt a whole-of-gov mobilization, incl: - Ambitious construction, mass transit, & transport, & ag standards+investment - Creating millions of good jobs - Centering climate justice standardsToday the 6 Biden-Sanders Unity Task Forces are unveiling final language. The Climate Task Force accomplished a great deal. It was an honor to serve as co-chair w/ Sec. @JohnKerry. Among the notable gains: we shaved *15 years* off Bidens previous target for 100% clean energy.Yes @GOPLeader, @IlhanMN has long been on the side of dismantling systems of oppression & structural racism, as she stated. Its revealing that *YOU* equated oppression w/ our entire system as you intentionally took a Black Congresswomans words out of context to target her.Is it me, or is the GOP losing their touch with the conspiracy-theory-as-campaign-rhetoric technique?Yes, that is precisely why the party nominated... Joe BidenIm not on TikTok, but that wont stop me from making bootleg ones for IGVanessa Guillens family deserves justice. What happened to her, and to so many victims of sexual harassment and assault in the military, is utterly unacceptable. We need an independent investigation. Thank you @RepSylviaGarcia for leading the charge.@ZerlinaMaxwell Ahh! Ill be mindful of that when the character count allowsMaxwells arrest is a significant development. I hope the SDNY and all relevant parties have conducted an extensive review of the failures of Epsteins custody to ensure Maxwells safety as this case bears out.Guess whos repeal of the Faircloth Amendment just passed the House!  Faircloth has blocked construction of new public housing in the United States for 20+ YEARS. Repeal is key to tackling our housing crisis. THANK YOU to the advocates whove worked so hard to get here.The @EdMarkey meme team is really something else@iTeachGatsby Thank you so much, and thanks for being open to new perspectives. Grateful to have earned your support@kendallybrown Please tell your mom I say thank you and shes welcome to our team anytime!One of the ways the GOP articulates their racism today is their idea that some citizens are real people and others arent. This is the argument they make against DC statehood: that this largely Black community doesnt qualify as real people. So, who is a real person?Hows that anti-AOC advertising going, Oklahoma GOP? Oh, it ended with voters supporting Medicaid expansion? Nice.When you speak truth to power, power fights back. Lobbyists & conservatives have been pouring millions of dollars against our sisterhoods re-election campaigns. Why? Because were effective. Join the Squad Victory Fund to protect the fight for justice:Hey all, note for transparency: yday I quote-tweeted someone noting that we pay interns a living wage. It has since been brought to my attn that multiple survivors are speaking up about this individual. My heart breaks for them, and I am deleting the quote tweet in solidarity.@JamaalBowmanNYTwo years ago today, I went from waitress and organizer to winning a Congressional primary while outspent 10-1. Every day since Ive tried to do right by working families & the movement that made it happen. Corrupt interests havent had a good nights sleep since Thank youOur team has been working with artists to reimagine communities into modern day, WPA-style Green New Deal posters. So far weve got the Bronx, Queens, Detroit, Boston, Los Angeles, & San Juan  You can find them at@AyannaPressley Thanks sis - love you and always so grateful for your friendshipThank you for paving the way, @BLeeForCongress!@BernieSanders Thanks to!Wall Street CEOs, from Goldman Sachs to Blackstone, poured in millions to defeat our grassroots campaign tonight. But their money couldnt buy a movement. Thank you #NY14, and every person who pitched in for tonights victory. Heres to speaking truth to power.When I won in 2018, many dismissed our victory as a fluke. Our win was treated as an aberration, or bc my opponent didnt try. So from the start, tonights race was important to me. Tonight we are proving that the peoples movement in NY isnt an accident. Its a mandate.#TeamAOC volunteers made over 56,000 calls to NY14 TODAY. As in ONE DAY. Thats shattered all our previous one-day records. For everyone who has put in time to support, volunteer, or contribute - I cannot thank you enough.We are seeing reports of voting lines as long as 3 hours in LeFrak City as well. Other poll sites are much faster. If you can, STAY IN LINE! If you are *in line* at your polling location by 9pm, you CAN vote.I usually dont tweet to correct fake posts about me bc the right circulates so many, but needless to say the alleged deleted reopening tweet people are saying I wrote is a photoshopped fake being circulated by Republicans. They tell lies because the truth isnt on their side.We are realizing that a better world is possible. Its time to rise for it, speak on it, and create it every day. Today, we vote for it.NY14: TODAY is Election Day! Voting tips: - You should receieve 2 BALLOTS to fill out. If you only got one, ask for the other. - It was confirmed last night that many NYers who requested absentees will not receive them. This is v upsetting - if you can, vote in person today.Your membership card is in the mail, @hasanminhajNEW YORK: Tomorrow is Election Day! Its time to VOTE to continue our fight for social, economic, and racial justice. Make your plan for voting tomorrow. Find your voting location here:NYC: If you plan on voting absentee, make sure you mail your ballot TODAY so it will be postmarked in time to count. If you mail your ballot tomorrow, it may get postmarked too late and your vote may not count! (You can still vote in person instead if you got an absentee.)@kendallybrown Hey! I apologize for the harm and thank you for stepping up to point it out. Taking it down & always open to engaging further.To all dads + father figures, past, present, and future - Your love, attention, and care moves mountains and changes the world. Thank you! My pap believed in me, coached me, and challenged me. I wouldnt be me without having had the gift of his love. Happy Fathers DayAh yes - in fact, Im so uncharismatic and untalented that the President of the United States has dedicated time at multiple rallies over two years to talk about me, a first term member of CongressKPop allies, we see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice tooActually you just got ROCKED by teens on TikTok who flooded the Trump campaign w/ fake ticket reservations & tricked you into believing a million people wanted your white supremacist open mic enough to pack an arena during COVID Shout out to Zoomers. Yall make me so proud.What a day. As I walked to my early voting site, I realized it was the Sonia Sotomayor Community Center. When she was named 1st Latina to the SCOTUS, a Bronx Boricua, it made a younger me feel like there was a place for me in the world. Today I cast my ballot under her name@jnzqns So many thanks to you and your family! Postcarding is one of my favorite modes of indoor field organizing@victoriascressDonation link here  The average donation to my campaign is about 24 bucks. Everyday people have made my candidacy a possibility since day one. Thats who I work for, now & always - these billionaires are just mad theyve found something they cant buy.Wall St CEOs & lobbyists are FLOODING my district w/ millions of dollars right before Tuesdays election. Its a bit flattering, actually: they wouldnt target me if I wasnt effective  Join us for the home stretch. Vol, call, or donate this weekend:Ever notice that when we talk about having a healthcare system where people dont pay at the point of service, its Free stuff is irresponsible & wrong! but when it comes to raining military equip on undertrained police across the country its Hey dont worry its free stuffHappy #Juneteenth! To celebrate, lets pass legislation that makes Juneteenth a national holiday and enact H.R. 40, Rep @JacksonLeeTX18s Commission on Reparations. How are you honoring today?@JuanSaaa @TelemundoNews En esta casa hablamos legislative Spanglish@OfficialJLD Thanks!@amandalitman Thanks!Get help finding your polling location, sign up to volunteer, donate, and more atA better world is not only possible, it is within our reach. From mutual aid in our communities to solidarity in the streets, the people of New York have already started to reshape our future. Its time to bring the movement to the voting booth. VOTE this Tuesday, June 23rd.Ugh sorry yall the link always autocorrects wrong - heres the right one:Wall Street is pouring *millions of dollars* to unseat me in this Tuesdays election. Thats what happens when you put people before profit. But take it from me: we CANNOT take this seat for granted. NY14: VOTE TODAY or this Tuesday. Bring friends + fam:Good morning y chate pa lante because HOME IS HERE!NY: We are 6 DAYS AWAY from the June 23rd primary election! Next Tuesday is Election Day, but you can cast your ballot IN PERSON *today* via early voting. Check this energy. We need it. Send @JamaalBowmanNY to Congresss this year.  You can vote TODAY:Pro tip: For the politicians denouncing Black leaders demanding shifts in budget priorities away from overpolicing & into community services, check their campaign receipts. If these politicians take money from police associations, how can they be objective about police budgets?Teachers are paying out of pocket for school supplies, yet police are given extra tanks. Budgets convey priorities. We should question ours.Oh look, someone took a photo of what my life is like debating Republicans in committee each weekOh look, a looting in progressThis is the issue w/ many reforms: yes, you can pass certain laws, but the problem is police *breaking the law.* Murder is already illegal, but the officers who killed Breonna Taylor STILL havent been arrested. Taking on that abuse of power often takes major political risk.People really need to ask themselves why their communities chose to erect statues to slaveholders instead of abolitionists.@Deb4CongressNM You are the living testimony of their hard work, sacrifice, and faith in a better future. Every day its an honor to serve alongside you as you break through injustice and make history, @Deb4CongressNM.Shout out to @IBM for halting dev on technology shown to harm society. Facial recognition is a horrifying, inaccurate tool that fuels racial profiling + mass surveillance. It regularly falsely IDs Black + Brown people as criminal. It shouldnt be anywhere near law enforcement.It truly boggles my mind how anyone can see a $6 billion policing budget in ONE city alone - which is more than we spend on health, youth, housing, and homelessness services here *combined* - and say, You know what will fix police brutality? More moneyPolitics & media is rife w people who got to where they are w/ help from big money + family connections, & it deeply bothers some to experience others who have accomplished similar or big things without those advantages. They know they dont have the range, so they belittle it.Tear gas is a chemical weapon banned in war. It is a deep shame that US leaders chose to tear gas our own people last week. It should never, ever happen again. This week Im joining @RepMarkTakano & @RepChuyGarcia to introduce a National Ban on Tear Gas:@starship_kid @UncleSacky BingoThe irony of this period is that Black and Brown residents were blamed for burning their own community, when they were the ones who rebuilt it. If you want to learn more about this piece of history, the documentary @decadeoffire is a great place to start.In case anyone wonders why we go so hard in Congress: Bronx landlords used set their own buildings on fire w/ families inside for insurance payouts. I grew up w my dad telling me stories about friends he lost. Social and economic justice isnt a game to us. Its life and death.Wow.This young womans testimony about her fathers role in her life,& how shes marching for George Floyds daughter, moved me. I felt this way about my dad,too. The father-daughter bond is a formative one for many. Thank you @RuschellBoone for sharing the humanity of this moment.Everyone in the streets combating racism has Tucker Chicken Heir Carlson so mad hes accusing Elmo of being AntifaThese lines are not showing up as a consistent failure across the state. They are happening in majority-BIPOC precinctsRepublicans dont want vote by mail bc it chips away at their ability to do exactly this: target and disenfranchise Black voters and people of color. These scenes are specifically happening in Black communities, not white ones. This is BY DESIGN,& its their test run for NovAny New Yorker can tell you that this group does not look representative of the NYPD at all. Most NYPD patrol officers are Black, Latino, or Asian American - and the overall force is about 1/5 women. So whats going on here?Asking for a country@yuhline Because youre awesome and NY is lucky to have you in the assembly!Our first slate of New York primary endorsements is out today!  New York: The primary election is on June 23rd. Early voting starts THIS Saturday, June 13th! Check to find your early polling location.Charles Booker (@Booker4KY) is running for Senate & building the kind of principled, inclusive, and winning coalition in Kentucky that can inspire positive change. The US Senate will be a better place with him in it. Im proud to endorse him. Lets go:@JamaalBowmanNY Wouldnt have it any other wayNot long ago, Black Lives Matter was *also* a rallying cry for justice that politicians worried polled too poorly, was too divisive & required too much explanation. Now Mitt Romney is saying it. Progress is a process. Its normal to work through discomfort along the way.@obrien Perhaps a bad choice to your aims & focus Its been an excellent choice for the organizers who have been trying to prompt a national convo for years about multibillion-dollar police depts. Refund or reallocate didnt do that. Defund did. BLM had similar early resistance.And by the way, the fact that ppl are scrambling to repackage this whole conversation to make it palatable for largely affluent, white suburban swing voters again points to how much more electoral & structural power these communities have relative to others Just for awareness!Our job as policymakers is to take the publics mandate and find + create pockets to advance as much progress as possible. Progress takes a team of different roles. You dont criticize a pitcher for not being a catcher. We can respond in ways that dont undercut impt workLots of DC insiders are criticizing frontline activists over political feasibility and saying they need a new slogan. But poll-tested slogans and electoral feasibility is not the activists job. Their job is to organize support and transform public opinion, which they are doing.Defund means that Black & Brown communities are asking for the same budget priorities that White communities have already created for themselves: schooling &gt; police,etc. People asked in other ways, but were always told No, how do you pay for it? So they found the line item.Massachusetts: @EdMarkey is the real deal in the Senate. He makes clear commitments over vague platitudes- a rare quality in a time when its politically easier to do the opposite. You are lucky to have him as a Senator,& I hope you organize to keep him: