To get started in organizing in your own workplace, visit the link below to get connected with an organizer today.LIVE: @amazonlabor leaders tell us how they won their organizing fight against Amazon, and how YOU can get organized in your own workplace.Without the workers, there would be no Amazon. Amazon spent $4 million on union-busting efforts in Staten Island. They lost and @amazonlabor won an enormous victory the first of many more to come.The only way we win real gains for the working class is by rebuilding the trade union movement. I look forward to joining @organizeworkers and @amazonlabor tonight at 8 PM ET to discuss how workers can organize. I hope you'll join us.In state after state, Starbucks workers understand that YES, a corporation that can afford a 39% pay raise for its CEO can afford to treat its workers with dignity and respect. Congratulations to Starbucks workers in Massachusetts on voting to unionize!If Starbucks can afford to give its outgoing CEO Kevin Johnson a $60 million golden parachute on top of his 39% pay raise last year, you know what? It can afford to allow all of its workers to join a union free from fear, intimidation and coercion.In the midst of the pandemic, the war in Ukraine, massive income and wealth inequality and the attacks on democracy,we cannot forget about the existential threat to our planet from climate change.The recent IPCC report was clear.We have to act boldly and NOW.THREE MORE enormous victories for @SBWorkersUnited! This movement of workers standing up and asserting their right to dignity and respect on the job has been an enormous inspiration to workers all across the country. Onward!For decades, the billionaire class and corporations have harnessed their power to enact a radical redistribution of wealth from the bottom 99% to the top 1%. I think now is the time for radical action on behalf of the working class of this country.We need members of the Supreme Court who have a strong track record of standing up for justice economic justice, racial justice, social justice, political justice, and environmental justice. There is no doubt Judge Jackson is that person. I was proud to vote to confirm her.Congratulations to the Starbucks workers in Buffalo, Rochester & Brighton, New York for successfully voting to form unions in 3 more coffee shops. Starbucks workers have now won 13 of 14 union elections. I am so proud of what they are accomplishing. Keep up the great work!Here is the bad news. You ready? We have more income and wealth inequality today than at any time in American history. That's the bad news. But here is the good news. Working people all across this country are getting organized and beginning to fight back.President Biden is right. "Amazon, here we come." Let's get every Amazon worker in a union.Let me congratulate the @MITGradUnion on voting to form a union. All across the country, graduate student teachers are being ruthlessly exploited by very wealthy universities. I hope today's victory inspires a nationwide movement of workers on campuses fighting for better pay.It is time to legalize marijuana nationwide and expunge past convictions.Cancel student debt. All of it.Amazon workers in Staten Island made history in organizing the first union in the company's history. Instead of continuing to pour millions of dollars into union-busting efforts, Amazon must recognize the union and negotiate with workers in good faith.CEOs at large corporations are paid 350x more than what their average worker makes. Is that the kind of economic reality we should accept? I don't think so.We must not forget that on the day he was assassinated Dr. King was in Memphis to march with sanitation workers who were being exploited, underpaid, and faced horrendous working conditions.The movement of unionization efforts sparked by @SBWorkersUnited in Starbucks stores across the country has been a great inspiration to me. I am honored to be joining them for a rally in just a few weeks in Richmond, Virginia. I hope you'll join us.There is nothing radical about saying that the wealthiest people in this country ought to pay their fair share of taxes. What's radical is Jeff Bezos making $142,667 every 60 seconds while more than half our people live paycheck to paycheck.Congratulations to New Mexico for becoming the first state in the nation to make all of its public colleges and universities tuition free regardless of income or immigration status. Now, it's time to make all public colleges and universities tuition free in America.It should not be a luxury in this country to keep teeth in your mouth.Another HUGE victory! Workers at Starbucks have ignited a nationwide movement united in the struggle for dignity and respect on the job and theyre winning.As of today, the workers at Warrior Met have been on strike for one year while BlackRock, its largest shareholder with $10 trillion in assets, has sat on its hands and allowed the workers and their families to struggle. They can and they must intervene to meet workers' demands.For the very first time, workers at @amazonlabor were successful in organizing a union at an Amazon facility. I congratulate them on their extraordinary victory. I believe it's going to be a shot in the arm for this country's labor movement.Congratulations to @amazonlabor in Staten Island for their historic organizing victory. They took on one of the most powerful corporations in America, and showed that workers are sick and tired of being exploited while corporate profits soar.Are you ready for a radical idea? Instead of handing out a $10 billion bailout to Jeff Bezos worth $191 billion to fly to the moon, let's make it easier for workers to form a union. I stand in strong solidarity with Amazon workers in Staten Island & Bessemer voting to unionize.While 64% of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck.To my mind, if you're worth $180 BILLION, if you've got mansions and a superyacht, if your hobby is trying to go to the moon or Mars or wherever, you're doing pretty well for yourself no, Mr. Bezos, you don't need $10 billion in corporate welfare to subsidize your space travel.MIT has an endowment of $27 BILLION that's billion, with a 'B'. They should not be exploiting teachers who are interacting with thousands of their students and help make MIT the great university that it is. I stand in solidarity with @MITGradUnion working to form a union.In America today we spend far more, per capita, on health care than any other nation almost $11,000 per person, while at the same time, some 60,000 Americans die each year because they lack insurance and are unable to get to a doctor on time. Yes, we need Medicare for All.I wanted to take a moment to tell you why now is the time to move toward Medicare for All. This will, no doubt, be a difficult struggle. But it is a struggle we will win.At a time when corporations are making obscene profits by charging outrageously high prices for gas, food, and rent, we need a windfall profits tax.Corporate greed is Netflix doubling its profit last year to a record $5.3 billion, avoiding over $1 billion in taxes & blaming a 10.7% price increase on "inflation" squeezing $1.35 billion from its 75 million subscribers while its CEO became $200 million richer in the pandemic.Health care is a human right, not a privilege. We must join every other major country in guaranteeing health care for every man, woman and child.We must pass Medicare for All.Profit Increase Last Year from Pre-Pandemic Levels: ConocoPhillips:1,400% to $12.7 billion Chevron:184% to $21.6 billion Exxon Mobil:57% to $31.2 billion Gas Price Increase from 2019:63% to $4.24 Please don't tell me that a windfall profits tax is radical.Jeff Bezos is worth about $180 billion. If he wants to go to the moon or to Mars, hey, that's his business knock yourself out. But in my view, the taxpayers of this country do not need to subsidize his space travel.There must be no ambiguity in acknowledging that what the whole world is seeing from Vladimir Putins war in Ukraine is nothing less than a blatant violation of international law and human decency.Anybody who thinks we don't have an oligarchy right here in this country is sorely mistaken.I am pleased that the Canadian government, at the urging of @theJagmeetSingh and the @NDP, is moving toward universal dental care. That's the right thing to do, and exactly what we should be doing in the US. Health care is a human right, and dental care is part of health care.Lately when you turn on the news, you hear a lot about Russian oligarchs. I don't want to break the bad news to anybody here, but we've got a lot of oligarchy right here in America, too.LIVE: What should the progressive response be to Russias war on Ukraine? Join @BLeeForCongress, @brhodes, @PeterBeinart and @MariaRepnikova as we discuss that question and more.LIVE: Im with @BLeeforCongress, @PeterBeinart, @brhodes and @MariaRepnikova to discuss how we respond to Russias horrific war on Ukraine. Join us.I suspect you haven't heard much about the Competitiveness bill that's in the Senate right now. Heres what you need to know: the taxpayers of this country should not be giving $53 billion to profitable microchip companies and $10 billion to Jeff Bezos to go to space. Period.TONIGHT: Right now, we are in a global struggle between autocracy and democracy, with nothing less than the future of the planet at stake. Please join me, @BLeeForCongress, @PeterBeinart, @brhodes, and @MariaRepnikova for a town hall discussion this evening at 8 PM ET.I stand in solidarity withMaximusworkers walking out of federal call centers across the country today. To my mind, we should not allow greedy corporations to privatize public services or profit from robbing workers of fair pay and benefits.We have never seen in this country the level of corporate greed that we are seeing right now.The baseball oligarchs are far more concerned with increasing their wealth and profits than in strengthening our national pastime. We must prevent their greed from destroying the game. The best way to do that is to end Major League Baseballs antitrust exemption.The richest in the world want more money for yachts and rockets to zoom around outer space, and that's called rational. The rest of the population wants a roof over their heads, a decent wage, and a life of dignity, and that's called 'radical.' Does that make any sense at all?Join me and special guests @BLeeForCongress, @PeterBeinart and @brhodes this Wednesday at 8 PM ET for a town hall discussion about the progressive response on foreign policy and the war in Ukraine.We need leaders who will come to Congress ready to fight fight on behalf of the poor, fight on behalf of the working class, fight for Medicare for All, and fight for a Green New Deal. @SummerForPA will be that leader.Congratulations to the workers at Starbucks for your union organizing success. A union means not only better wages and working conditions, it means having some control over your job and not just being a cog in the machine.It means being more human.Corporate greed is Nike increasing its profit by 125% last year to $5.7 billion & blaming "inflation" for a 10.5% price spike on a pair of expensive sneakers made by workers in Vietnam earning less than a buck an hour while Phil Knight became $26.7 billion richer in the pandemic.This is Russia's Oligarchy. In 2017, it was estimated Putin was worth some $200 billion.Last year, Russias 120 billionaires owned $588 billion in wealth, equal to 60% of the countrys household wealth.We must destroy global oligarchy and create an economy that works for all.Since it was announced that Howard Schultz (worth $4 billion) would be coming back as Starbucks CEO he has become $145 million richer in just 2 days. It would take 4,600 years for the minimum wage worker at Starbucks to make that much money. Yes. Starbucks workers need a union.I am proud to endorse @SummerForPA for Congress. Summer is an experienced organizer, legislator, and a champion for Medicare for All, a $15 minimum wage, expanding voting rights, and a Green New Deal. I know she will continue to fight for those ideas when she's in the Congress.Over the past 5 days, the average wholesale gas price has gone DOWN by 21 cents a gallon and the price of oil has gone DOWN by over $15 a barrel. Meanwhile, the average price of a gallon of gas at the pump has gone UP by 21 cents a gallon. Yes. We need a windfall profits tax.We need to end our dependence on fossil fuels.If you want to understand why the movement to organize unions at Starbucks is spreading like wildfire, look at how the company is treating workers demanding a voice on the job. Starbucks is not a poor company. It should stop retaliating and allow workers to organize.Overall, women are paid just $0.73 for every $1 men are paid. Black women are paid $0.64. Latina and Native American women are paid $0.54. How insane is that? It's 2022. Equal pay for equal work is not a radical idea it's an issue of basic justice. #EqualPayDayIf every other major country on the planet can provide universal health care to all its people, why can't we?It is insane that while MIT's endowment grew by over $9 BILLION in 2021, nearly 1 in 4 grad students struggle to keep up with cost of living. I say to MIT: invest in your students. I stand in solidarity with @MITGradUnion in their efforts to form a union.Amount of Medical Debt: : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $0 : $228,000,000,000 61% of Americans with medical debt have employer-provided health insurance. #MedicareForAllThis is a broken health care system. While 23 million Americans owe $228 billion in medical debt, 178 CEOs of healthcare companies made $3.2 billion in compensation in 2020. UnitedHealth alone made a record $24 billion in profits last year. Yes. We need Medicare for All.Shocking. Gas prices are at the highest levels ever at the same time the big oil companies are raking in huge profits. Yes, the time is now for a windfall profits tax.Starbucks claims to be a progressive company that values its partners, yet it's firing workers for "the crime" of being pro-union & spending millions on a union busting law firm. I say to Starbucks: Stop the union busting. Stop the coercion. Treat your workers with respect.The time is now to invest in public education. I am proud to stand with @MFT59 educators who are on strike for decent pay and better working conditions.This is what oligarchy looks like: Today, the 10 richest people in the world own more wealth than the bottom 37% 3.1 billion people. We need a national and global economy that works for all, not just the few. The struggle continues.Starbucks workers have now voted to join unions 6 out of 7 times. Union elections will soon be held in over 120 more shops. The movement to unionize Starbucks is spreading like wildfire. Now, would be a very good time for Starbucks to end union busting & embrace this movement.A multi-billionaire with a superyacht should not pay less in taxes than a firefighter.I'm proud to endorse @JasmineForUS for Congress. Jasmine understands that we need progressives in Washington who will fight to make it easier to vote in this country, who will fight for the rights of workers, and who will fight for an economy that works for all of us.No one should have to ration their insulin in this country.In the midst of Putin's horrific invasion of Ukraine, I want to express my solidarity with the many thousands of Russians who are out on the streets protesting the war. In an authoritarian society, they are risking their freedom and lives. They are showing incredible courage.Global oligarchy is on the rise. Between 1995 and 2021, the top 1% captured 38% of the increase in global wealth, while the bottom 50% captured 2%. The share of wealth owned by the global top 0.1% rose from 7% to 11%. Children go hungry. Billionaires buy yachts. Not acceptable.We have elections in this country which are dominated by big money and corporate interests. And whether or not our democracy survives depends on if we stand up together and put a stop to growing oligarchy.I have so much respect for the incredibly brave people in Russia who are risking so much by being out in the streets protesting what their corrupt president is doing.Worker productivity is up 62% since the 1970s, yet wages have barely budged in the same period meanwhile, CEOs in this country have seen their pay explode by 1,322%. Does anyone REALLY think CEOs are working 1,322% harder than they did in 1978?The 30 Major League Baseball owners are worth over $100 billion. The value of their teams increased by more than $41 billion since they bought them. Mr. Manfred: End the lockout. Negotiate in good faith. Don't let the greed of baseball owners take away our national past time.Congratulations to @GregCasar on winning your primary in TX-35! Greg will be a progressive force for the people, ready to fight for the needs of the working class. I'm looking forward to working with him in Congress.Now, more than ever, those of us who believe in democracy and justice must work to bring working people all over the world together. Instead of hate & divisiveness, let us take on the greed & ideology of the top 1% and fight for economic, social & environmental justice. (14/14)None of these oligarchs should be allowed to park their yachts, fly their jets, sleep in their mansions, or stash their cash offshore during the war in Ukraine. But much more must be done to stop the movement to oligarchy not just in Russia, but all over the world. (13/14)6 Russian oligarchs and their families who hold $66.3 billion in wealth own 13 properties in New York worth $588 million including a 75-foot wide townhouse and an $88 million penthouse. (12/14)According to Bloomberg, At least four [Russian-owned] super yachts remained anchored in Barcelona. Two were last parked along the Florida coast, in Miami and Palm Beach. (11/14)Alexey Mordashov, the third richest person in Russia worth $23 billion, owns a Bombardier Global 6000 private jet and a $500 million yacht that has been sailing in the Seychelles region for more than 10 days. (10/14)Dmitry Mazepin, a Russian oligarch worth over $1.3 billion & a former president of a major Russian gas company, owns a Gulfstream G650 private jet that recently flew over the New York area. Mazepin recently attended a meeting with Putin and a dozen other oligarchs. (9/14)Alisher Usmanov, a Russian oligarch worth over $20 billion who owns Russias largest iron ore company, a telecommunications company and a newspaper in Russia, holds stakes in Airbnb, Spotify, Uber Technologies and was an early investor in Facebook. (8/14)Roman Abramovich, a Russian oligarch worth $13 billion, owns the world's 2nd largest yacht worth $600 million with its own missile detection system. He owns the English football club Chelsea worth $2.1 billion, a $170 million mansion in the UK & another yacht in Barcelona. (7/14)While people in Ukraine and Russia suffer, Putin owns a 270-foot long super yacht that he took out of Germany before the invasion of Ukraine. Putins yacht is equipped with a gym, a saloon, a spa, a library & a 49-foot indoor pool that can be converted into a dance floor. (6/14)In 2017, it was estimated that Putin was worth $200 billion which, at the time, made him wealthier than Bill Gates & Jeff Bezos combined. No one knows how much Putin is worth today, but 22 other Russian oligarchs have a combined net worth of nearly $300 billion today. (5/14)The hidden offshore wealth of Russias oligarchs amounted to about 85% of Russias GDP in 2015. While 18 million people in Russia were living in poverty last year, Russias 120 billionaires owned $588 billion in wealth equal to 60% of the total household wealth in Russia. (4/14)The top 0.01% in Russia has stashed over two-thirds of its wealth offshore, while the top 1% in Russia owns as much wealth offshore as the rest of the Russian population holds onshore. Globally, the rich & powerful have stashed at least $21 trillion in offshore tax havens. (3/14)Incredibly, the 500 richest people in Russia with a net worth of at least $100 million now own more wealth than the bottom 99.8% of Russias population - 145 million people. This is the type of inequality that exists not just in Russia, but throughout the world. (2/14)Putin is not only an autocrat who initiated an illegal & immoral war against Ukraine, he's the leader of an oligarchic kleptocracy that's stolen billions from the Russian people. In Russia, ordinary people struggle while Oligarchs make out like bandits which they are. (1/14)It is no great secret that we have a broken criminal justice system in this country. @MerrittForTexas has the courage to stand up and to take on the powerful. As Texas Attorney General, he will make it clear that no CEO is too big to jail.TEXAS: today you've got the chance to vote for bold leaders who will fight for the needs of working people. In TX-28: @JCisnerosTX for U.S. Congress In TX-35: @GregCasar for U.S. Congress For Attorney General: @MerrittForTexas Polls are open NOW until 7 PM.  VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!I stand in solidarity with the 1,300 workers at the Hershey's factory in Virginia who are voting to join a union after the company made a $1.47 billion profit last year. I say to Hershey's: Stop the union busting. Stop the intimidation. Treat your workers with dignity & respect.At a time when so many Americans are hurting and feel totally powerless, Starbucks workers are taking on corporate greed and winning. They are an inspiration to all of us.Congratulations to the workers in Mesa, Arizona for overwhelmingly voting to form the 3rd union shop at Starbucks. The movement to unionize Starbucks is spreading like wildfire. When workers stand up and fight for their dignity, there is no stopping them.Putin and his oligarch friends don't want you to see these images. Participating in an anti-war march in an authoritarian country is no small thing. It requires enormous courage. These very brave people deserve our respect and gratitude.Today, I stand in solidarity with the Ukrainian people against this war and with the Russian people who are demonstrating against their corrupt, reckless president who started it.Putin, a multi-billionaire, is the poster boy for greed and oligarchy. Maybe, before starting a war that could kill thousands and displace millions, he might worry more about the people of Ukraine and Russia and less about his precious super-yacht.Ice cream cakemakers at Jon Donaire bakery went on strike four months ago. They stood up to corporate greed, fought for dignity on the job, and they won.  Congratulations to the @BCTGM workers who secured a much improved contract.You and the work you are doing are an inspiration to so many of us. Thank YOU to the workers who are organizing every day against the forces of corporate greed.If you start a job at Starbucks tomorrow, are you going to make a livable wage? "Absolutely not." Will you be able to afford to see a doctor? "Not at all." Unacceptable.Let me say a word to the younger generation. You have had it tough but in my humble opinion, you are a great generation. You are anti-racist, anti-sexist, anti-homophobia, anti-xenophobia. And your generation has shown the courage to take on corporate greed.The organizing effort at Starbucks is spreading like wildfire. Were LIVE now with workers who are taking on exactly the kind of corporate greed that is creating historic levels of inequality across this country.LIVE: Starbucks is doing VERY well. Revenues are up. Profits are up. Even its CEOs pay is up. So why is the company doing all it can to stop workers from organizing unions? Were talking with Starbucks workers from around the country NOW to find out.Profits at Starbucks are UP and the CEO got a BIG raise last year. But the company is doing all it can to stop workers from organizing unions at locations around the country. Join me tonight at 8 PM ET as a few of them tell us how they're taking on Starbucks greed.It is no small feat to stand up to an enormous corporation like Starbucks and to say, "you know what? I deserve dignity, I deserve respect, I deserve a decent wage." Join me and Starbucks workers for a town hall discussion TONIGHT at 8 PM ET.Starbucks workers should be able to form a union without fear of being fired. End of discussion.Take a look around the economy today. McDonald's: profits up 59%. They're raising prices. Starbucks: record profits. They're raising prices. Amazon: record profits. Shock of shocks! They're raising prices! Maybe just maybe we've got a corporate greed problem.Workers at Starbucks have ignited a nationwide movement united in the struggle for dignity and respect on the job. They're organizing in New York, in Tennessee, in California, and in states all across this country. Join our town hall discussion this Wednesday at 8 PM ET.Meanwhile, real wages for the working class of this country have barely budged in 50 years.Think the Gilded Age is 'ancient history'? WRONG. The average American worker produces far more today than they did decades ago, yet that worker is worse off economically than they were in 1973.Many millions of Russians and Ukrainians died during World War II. The Russian and Ukrainian people do not need a new war, nor does the rest of the world. There is a diplomatic solution to this crisis. It is tragic that Putin seems intent on rejecting it.This is what the war on women's rights looks like. They want to take us back to the 19th century.A corrupt political system is 745 billionaires becoming $2.1 trillion richer during the pandemic, while 3.7 million children slipped back into poverty last month because corporate Republicans and corporate Democrats refused to extend the $300 a month Child Tax Credit.Good. Now cancel the remaining $1,883,214,046,704 for 44,984,000 other Americans who are still drowning in student debt.It is not a luxury to be able to hear the world around you. It is not a luxury to keep teeth in your mouth. It is not a luxury to be able to see the people around you. Medicare can and must be expanded to cover hearing, dental, and vision care.Im endorsing Lee Merritt for Texas Attorney General because he understands that our broken criminal justice system puts poor people in jail while Wall Street crooks & pharmaceutical executives arent held accountable for their crimes. He has the courage to take on the powerful.7 out of 10 millennials in this country are living paycheck to paycheck. 6 out of 10 millennials could not afford to cover a $1,000 emergency. Nearly 7 in 10 are still working to pay off enormous amounts of student debt. That's not an economy we should accept.If we do not summon the courage to take on corporate greed, if we do not summon the courage to stand up to the moneyed interests, future generations will look back at this Congress and will rightly ask, 'where were you?'.How is it that Warrior Met can afford $1.5 BILLION in stock buybacks, but somehow they cannot manage to afford to treat its workers with dignity and respect and pay them a decent wage?Here is the economic situation in America today. Desperate workers who live paycheck to paycheck are forced to go to work. Thousands of them have died on the job. But hey, a handful of billionaires became over $2 trillion richer. That's not an economic system we should accept.Hear me out, because this is a far-out concept... what if instead we just made the wealthy and huge corporations pay their taxes here on earth?.@GregCasar understands that what we need in the Congress in this moment in history are leaders who are willing to stand up and to act boldly in the interest of justice. TEXAS: early voting is happening NOW until next Friday, February 25th. VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!We need @JCisnerosTX in the Congress to fight for decent-paying jobs and an economy that works for all of us. Texas, early voting is underway from now until Friday, February 25th. VOTE!When you think about income and wealth inequality, it is less about the fact that billionaires are getting phenomenally richer. It is that tens of millions of working class Americans are needlessly suffering under economic hardship in the richest country ever to exist.We are living through the most difficult period in our lifetimes. If you feel anxious, depressed, overwhelmed, confused, angry youre not alone. Millions feel exactly the same way. But the answer is not to bury our heads in the sand or wallow in despair. It is to fight back.I am proud to endorse @GregCasar for Congress. Greg is committed to fighting on behalf of this country's working class. From fighting to raise the minimum wage to enacting paid sick leave, he understands that in the richest country on earth, all of us can live a life of dignity.I am proud to endorse @JCisnerosTX for Congress. She knows that real change comes from the bottom on up, not the top on down. She will fight for the working class in Congress, and together we will build a movement to transform this nation so that it works for all our people.Listen to this. According to a new study, if income for the bottom 90% of this country grew at the same rate as did overall economic growth since 1975, workers would have an additional $47 TRILLION. When we talk about a rigged economy, that's exactly what we're talking about.If you are an American in need of Advair Diskus for your asthma, you can expect to pay $1,277. In Canada? $378. If you are an American in need of Crestor for your cholesterol, you can expect to pay $969. In Canada? $204. The American people are getting ripped off. ENOUGH.A handful of giant Wall Street firms now control over $20 trillion in assets and many hundreds of companies. Never before have so few owned and controlled so much.I don't know how you bring about change without fighting for it I don't think you do. There is always struggle. Anybody who tells you that change takes place without a fight isn't telling you the truth they're trying to put you to sleep.From 1979-2020: Wages for the top 1%:  179% Wages for the top 0.1%: 389% Wages for the bottom 90%: 28% Who is our economy working for?Taking on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and lowering the cost of prescription drugs not a radical idea! Accepting it as 'normal' that the American people pay 14 TIMES MORE for insulin than the people of England, now THERE'S a radical idea!The problem is not that a low-income worker got a 50 cent raise two weeks ago and a $1,400 check last year. The problem is that corporations are using "inflation" as an excuse to jack up prices so that they can make record-breaking profits to enrich CEOs and wealthy shareholders.The most effective way to deliver real power to this country's working class is by rebuilding the trade union movement.You ready for a radical idea? Maybe JUST MAYBE the Congress can begin to represent the needs of the people of this country, not the wishes of the pharmaceutical industry.How many people in our country have to die? How many of our people need to get unnecessarily sicker for Congress to summon the courage to stand up to Big Pharma's greed? A life-saving drug doesn't mean a damn thing if you cannot afford the cost.How much has Big Pharma spent lobbying members of the Republican and Democratic parties? $4.5 BILLION that's billion with a 'B'.  Yes, you read that correctly BILLION. Want to know why you pay 10x more for your prescription drugs than other major countries? Start there.For decades, members of Congress have bemoaned the high price of prescription drugs. They've given speech after speech. They've cut ad after ad. Talk, talk, talk. ENOUGH TALK! It's time to act. Let's take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.War is a horror. We must do everything humanly possible to avoid it.You see it over and over. A corporation is greedy, treats its workers poorly. Those workers organize and form a union, the corporation tries to break up that union. And why? Because in a union, it is workers who have the power. And nothing scares corporate America more than that.Think about this. A diabetic mom in Detroit, Michigan spends upwards of $300 for one vial of insulin. Just 7 miles away, in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, a diabetic mom pays ONE TENTH of that around $35 for the exact same insulin. Does that make any sense to you at all?I get concerned when I hear the familiar drumbeats in Washington demanding we show strength, when were faced with what could be the worst European war in 75 years. We must do all we can to find a diplomatic solution in Ukraine.If Jeff Bezos can afford to dismantle a bridge in Europe so that his $500 million, 417-foot mega-yacht can get to the other side, you know what? Mr. Bezos can afford to pay his fair share of taxes to build a bridge out of poverty for working class families in America.Question. Why is it that in the United States, a diabetic person who paid ~$90 for a vial of Humalog insulin in 2009, must now shell out some $300 for the EXACT same vial of insulin? Answer. A Congress in Washington, D.C. who lacks the guts to take on Big Pharma's greed.This is what a corrupt political system looks like. This is why billionaires get richer. This is what Oligarchy is all about.True tax rate for the 25 richest people in the United States: 3.4% Average tax rate for a nurse: 24% You know what? A nurse should not pay more in income tax than a billionaire. How's that for a radical idea?I have traveled all over this country. I have never met a single person who has told me they love paying the highest prices on the planet for their prescription drugs.Cost for one vial of insulin: : $6.94 : $7.52 : $9.08 : $11 : $12 : $14.40 : $98.70 Why should the American people be made to pay, by far, the highest prices on the planet for prescription drugs?Here is the truth. A tiny handful of incredibly wealthy individuals exercise enormous control over our economic and political system. And what does that mean? Decade after decade, it remains the same: the rich get richer, while the poor and working class get poorer.In 2020 alone, the six largest drug companies in the U.S. made nearly $50 BILLION in profits. The 10 highest-paid pharma executives made over $500 million in total compensation. Meanwhile, 1 in 4 Americans can't afford the medicines prescribed by their doctor. Unacceptable.I do not want you to ever grow comfortable with the fact that half our people are living paycheck to paycheck, struggling to keep food on the table, struggling to keep a roof over their heads. That is a moral outrage and it's one we cannot accept.As you grow old, you should not have to worry about how you're going to afford to keep teeth in your mouth. We must expand Medicare to cover dental care, hearing aids, and eyeglasses.When you've got 1,500 Big Pharma lobbyists on Capitol Hill for 535 members of Congress, it's not too hard to figure out why prescription drug prices in this country are, on average, 256% HIGHER than in other major countries.We cannot continue to be the only major country on the planet who does not guarantee a single day of paid leave to new parents.If you're a pharmaceutical CEO, I'm sure you just L-O-O-O-V-E our health care system best in the world! But if you're someone who needs insulin to survive, you're probably sick & tired of being made to pay 10x what people in Canada pay for insulin. Let's end Big Pharma's greed.@runforsomething Learn more and sign up:I have run for office many times, and I know, it is not easy stuff. But the only way we are going to win change is if you, and you, and yes, YOU stand up and run for office. Join me and @runforsomething tomorrow night at 8 PM ET to learn more about running your first campaign.After adjusting for inflation, the average worker in this country is making $49 a week LESS than he or she made 49 years ago. How insane is that? The time is now to pass an agenda that meets the needs of this country's working class.Taking a paid sick day should not be a luxury in the richest country on the face of the planet.Germany guarantees its people 6 weeks of paid sick leave. Switzerland guarantees its people 3 weeks. Australia guarantees its people 10 days. The United States the richest country on the planet guarantees its people ZERO days of paid sick leave.Let me ask you a question. Who has the power in America? Are we content with so few having so much, and exercising so much power when so many people are struggling to get by and have given up on the political process? Or are we prepared to stand up and fight back?In America today, 745 billionaires now own more wealth than the bottom 60% of all our people combined. And worse, over the last two years, while those 745 billionaires grew their wealth by some 70%, half our people live paycheck to paycheck. That's greed. Plain and simple.In my view, a teacher should not pay more in income tax than the wealthiest person in the country.At a time when many thousands of essential workers nurses, grocery workers, transportation workers have died as a result of having to go to work during this pandemic, some 740 billionaires in this country have become more than $2 trillion richer. That is morally obscene.I want you to stop for a moment, and think. Think about the enormous increase in worker productivity over the last few decades. And now think about this when accounting for inflation, those workers are making LESS today than they did 49 years ago. Is that acceptable to you?Since Starbucks workers in Buffalo voted to unionize 2 coffee shops, the movement to organize Starbucks nationally is gaining momentum. Starbucks workers have filed petitions to hold union elections in over 30 coffee shops. We stand in strong solidarity with these workers.If you think you don't know enough to run for elected office, trust me, I know the U.S. Congress you know enough. Join me and @runforsomething next Wednesday at 8 PM to learn more about running your first campaign.While Kroger workers faced a pay cut in the midst of an ongoing, deadly pandemic, its CEO saw his income skyrocket by some $21 million. That is the kind of ugly corporate greed we are up against, and it's the kind of greed we've got to defeat.If Democrats want to win elections, they should stand up and fight for what the American people want.  And what they want is pretty clear.VICTORY ALERT: Grocery workers in Colorado fought Krogers greed and won. I spoke with them this week about what our movement can learn from their fight.No more endless negotiations. No more hiding behind closed doors. It is time for the U.S. Senate to vote on some of the most important issues facing the working families of this country.When the richest people in this country are getting richer and richer, no, you as a worker should not accept a deteriorating standard of living. Talk with your fellow workers, get organized, stand up, and fight back.I know it's not easy, but if ever there was a time in American history that we need to stand up and fight back against the corporate greed we are seeing in this country, this is that moment."The majority of people are demoralized. Programs were put into place to help people with loss, but when you apply for these programs, you face obstruction." - Marthella Johnson, Arkansas Community Organization"You can call Alaska the 'first frontier' of climate change now." - Meda De Witt, Alaskans Take a Stand"We know the solutions. We know that investing in education, in affordable housing, in infrastructure, and in making sure those jobs are equitable is the secret sauce to helping families and lifting our economy." - Analilia Mejia, @CPDActionI get so tired of hearing from politicians who tell us they L-O-O-O-O-V-E the country, and yet they apparently do not love the children of our country enough to extend the expanded Child Tax Credit.I am sitting in Burlington, Vermont, 50 miles north of me is Canada. Everybody has health care as a human right in Canada. And by the way, they spend about half as much per capita on health care as we do.HEY. In case you didn't know it, we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost major country.  As a result of the policies in the American Rescue Plan, we have cut childhood poverty by 40% got that? Build Back Better would continue that progress for years to come.What does it mean when someone tells you they don't want a redistribution of wealth? I'll tell you they do not want the very richest people in this country to pay their fair share of taxes.We don't talk about it very much, but there is more income and wealth inequality in our country today than at any time in the last 100 years.LIVE: We are at a crossroads. We can either continue down the current course and face likely defeat in November. Or we can stand up and fight for working families. Join me and @CPDAction as we discuss the path ahead.TONIGHT: We need a new direction. We must show the American people that we are prepared to stand up and fight for the working families of this country. Join me and @CPDAction members at 8 PM ET for a crucial discussion on the work to be done to pass the Build Back Better Act.This is the United States. We are the richest country on the planet. One job should be enough to live with security and dignity.Wage growth from 1979 - 2020: - For the top 0.1%: wages 389% - For the top 1%: wages 179% Meanwhile, in that same amount of time, wages for the bottom 90% of Americans grew by just 28%. That is not the sort of economic reality we should be comfortable with.Congratulations to David Ortiz on his well-earned election to the Baseball Hall of Fame.This is what a rigged economy is all about. A recent survey found that more than half of the American people could not afford a $1,000 emergency. Meanwhile, the world's 10 richest people have DOUBLED their wealth over the course of the pandemic. That, to my mind, is absurd.If we have any chance of restoring hope to the millions of Americans who are living in deprivation and despair, we must act boldly in favor of an agenda that meets the long-neglected needs of the working families of this country.At a time when half our people are living paycheck to paycheck, NOW is the time to act boldly in the name of an agenda that meets the needs of this country's working class. Join me and @CPDAction tomorrow night at 8 PM ET for a vital town hall discussion on our path forward.Let me congratulate the 8,400 King Soopers workers in Colorado for winning a new contract that includes a pay raise of up to $5 an hour, better healthcare benefits & safer working conditions. This victory proves that when workers stand together they can defeat corporate greed."Strikes absolutely work. They show the company that they can't run without workers. They show that the real power rests with the people." - Kim Cordova, @UFCW_7 president"You're not alone. You're never alone when you're in a union." - Andres Becerril of @UFCW_7 on the power of a union"Kroger has done very well through the pandemic. But our workers haven't done great you know what they got? They got COVID, they got beat up, they got overworked." - Kim Cordova, @UFCW_7 president"When contract time came around, it really hurt a lot of us to see what they really thought of us. Thank god we have a strong union." - Liz Wesley of @UFCW_7 on 'hero pay' being revoked while Kroger's CEO raked in millions"We didn't get to stay home, you know you can't scan groceries on a Zoom call. We were there, on the frontlines." - Andres Becerril of @ UFCW_7 on working throughout the pandemic78% of Kroger workers struggle to keep food on the table while Kroger pays its CEO $22 MILLION. That is corporate greed at its ugliest.LIVE: If workers are considered essential enough to work during a pandemic, they are essential enough to get a decent wage and safe working conditions. Join us NOW to hear from grocery workers in Colorado taking on Krogers greed.TONIGHT AT 8:30 PM ET: Join me and essential workers from Colorado grocery stores for an important discussion on their struggle for decent wages, safe working conditions, and dignity on the job amidst a deadly pandemic. WatchYou're not going to hear about this in the corporate media, but if income inequality in this country had remained the same as it was in 1975, the average worker would be making $42,000 more today. That's what a rigged economy is all about.The essential workers who have kept this country moving have put themselves at great risk during a deadly pandemic. Yes, they deserve to be paid a decent wage and have safe working conditions.Here's a radical idea: the workers who quite literally keep this country fed should not be paid so poorly that they struggle to put food on their own tables. TONIGHT: join me and Colorado grocery workers at 8:30 PM ET for a livestream panel on their fight to end Kroger's greed.After six months of negotiating behind closed doors, it is time for a new direction. We need to bring enormously popular policies to the floor of the U.S. Senate for a vote, and make Republicans explain why they're not on the side of working people.If Republicans want to vote over and over against lowering the cost of prescription drugs, expanding Medicare, guaranteeing paid leave, building more housing, and meeting the needs of struggling working families, we should let them.SOLIDARITY IN AISLE 7  On Monday night, we will hold a special livestream to hear directly from grocery workers in Colorado who are standing up to Krogers greed. Join us at 8:30pm ET!Abortion is a constitutional right.No, the wealthiest people and most powerful corporations in the country cannot continue to have it all.The American people should not have to fight tooth-and-nail against wealthy and powerful corporate interests for decent wages, health care, pensions and safe working conditions.When we have the courage to take on the powerful special interests and fight for the needs of the American people, the fundamental differences between the two parties will become crystal clear. That's how you win elections.Im proud to stand with over 8,000 UFCW Local 7 workers in Colorado who are on strike right now.This is what oligarchy is about.This is what economic and political power is about. BlackRock, the largest private equity corporation in the country, manages assets of $10 trillion dollars and owns at least 5% of 98% of S&P firms.Yes, the challenges we face are enormous. It is easy to understand why many may fall into depression and cynicism. This is a state of mind, however, that we must resist not only for ourselves but for our kids and future generations.  Despair is not an option.We cannot have a moral society when so few have so much, and so many have so little.Pharma want us to raise Medicare premiums for 57 million seniors in order to cover a $28,200 a year Alzheimer's drug whose effectiveness has been questioned by an FDA advisory panel, the VA, the EU, private insurance companies and major hospitals. That makes no sense.This is what corporate greed is about.Over 8,000 Kroger employees in Colorado are on strike for decent wages and working conditions.Meanwhile, Kroger's profits are soaring and their CEO got a 45% salary increase and now makes over $20 million a year.Let's support the workers!Dr. King was a great civil rights leader, but he was more than that.He was a political revolutionary who summoned the nation to undergo a radical revolution of values to overcome the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism, and militarism. Never forget his vision.Let us not forget where Dr. King was when he was assassinated. He was marching with exploited sanitation workers in Memphis, Tennessee who were underpaid and working under terrible conditions.Class warfare in this country is intensifying. Greed is on the rise. Our opponents want us to feel weak. But instead we must educate, organize and build an unstoppable grassroots movement that helps create the kind of nation we know we can become.Workers at Warrior Met have been on strike for nearly 10 months, in the middle of a deadly pandemic, going without wages and health insurance. BlackRock, which manages trillions in assets and pays its CEO millions, can intervene to make sure children of miners don't go hungry..@WelchForVT knows that now is the time to think big, not small. Join us today at 4:30pm to learn how you can help send him to the U.S. Senate.I want you to think about this. The life expectancy of wealthy people in this country is roughly 15 years longer than it is for poor people. Got that? Poverty in America should not be a death sentence.You know what? If Kroger can afford to pay its CEO over 900x MORE than their median worker, then yeah, they can afford to pay their workers a decent wage, provide decent benefits, and invest in safe working conditions.When people tell you that the economy is doing very well very well for who? Yeah, the people on top have never had it better. But the reality for working people is that wages for the average worker have barely budged in DECADES.Here is the simple truth: we can save lives and we can save money if we make sure that all of our people have the best quality masks available to them free of charge.In the richest country in the history of the world, it should not be a luxury to take paid time off when you get sick.I stand in solidarity with @NYMagUnion workers. Management must come to the table and agree to a fair contract now.The Democratic Party has a fundamental question to ask itself. Are you prepared to stand with struggling working families all over this country? Do you have the guts to take on the moneyed interests whose greed has caused such enormous pain for so many? Which side are you on?I stand in solidarity with the 8,400 striking workers at Kroger in Colorado. If Kroger can afford to pay its CEO over $20 million and spend $1 billion on stock buybacks, you know what? It can afford to pay its workers better wages and benefits with safe working conditions.What is it called when CEOs who are paid millions of dollars say to their workers, 'You know what? You've got it too good. You don't deserve to make a decent wage. You don't deserve decent benefits.' I call it class warfare, and in solidarity, the working class can win that war.Congratulations to Starbucks workers who are now organizing union shops across the country in NY, AZ, MA, WA, TN, CO, OR and OH. Good luck!Every American deserves a high-quality N95 mask to protect themselves from this virus.Here is the reality for the working class. Half our people live paycheck to paycheck. People risk their lives, risk exposure to COVID to go to work. 90 million are uninsured or underinsured. And because of the power of money, that economic reality is going ignored in Washington.Not all masks are created equal.As a society, we have got to ask ourselves if we are comfortable living in a country where the top 1% own more wealth than the bottom 92%. This is not just an issue of economics this is an issue of our morality.Not all face masks are created equal.N95 face masks are far more effective than cloth masks in preventing the spread of COVID.We must utilize the DefenseProduction Act to mass produce these masks and distribute them to every household in the country.One out of four Americans are unable to afford the prescription drugs they need. Yes, it is time for Congress to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry which charges us, by far, the highest prices in the world.The management at these corporations seem to be losing their humanity.A CEO should not be paid 350x what the average worker at the company is paid.When we talk about income and wealth inequality in America today, this is what we're talking about. Right now, the two wealthiest people own more wealth than the bottom 40%. Got that? TWO PEOPLE own more wealth than 40% of our people. Is that remotely acceptable to you?It is a difficult task to stand up to your boss and to take on corporate greed in your workplace, but workers in West Virginia, in Alabama, in California, and all over this country are leading that fight.In the 1950s, CEOs made about 20x more than the average worker. In the 1980s, CEOs made about 40x more than the average worker. Today, the CEOs of this country are making 350x more than what the average worker makes.The average worker, when adjusting for inflation, is making $44 a week LESS today than they made in the 1970's.I have been told that bold action to avert the climate crisis is 'too expensive,' or that it's 'too radical.' I am once again asking, when 40% of our people live somewhere that has experienced a climate-related disaster in just the last year, what is the alternative?Our democracy is under severe attack. My statement on January 6th.What is the meaning of solidarity? I believe it means that nobody wants to be alone in this world. The idea that you can stand together with your fellow workers on the job and demand dignity that is essential."How you can sleep at night when you have $7 billion and you want to take a $300 a month health plan from a kid in West Virginia, or Alabama, or California I can't explain that." - Chad Thompson, @steelworkers Local 40"It seems to me that companies are going to a turnover workforce they don't have to give you the benefits if you're only going to be there for a short period of time. With a union, we set out to make it a career instead of a job." - Braxton Wright, @MineWorkers Local 2368"As of January 1st, we no longer have medical insurance." - Cristina Lujn, @BCTGM 37 These workers are now going without health insurance in the middle of a terrible pandemic. This sort of corporate greed is totally unacceptable.How do workers feel about a company owned by one of the richest guys on the planet cutting health care benefits and workers' pensions? "I don't think he's on everybody's Christmas card list." - Chad Thompson, @steelworkers Local 40"Being on strike as long as we have, it's a real challenge. It's really hard on families to go through Christmas with the uncertainty of not knowing if you're going to be able to provide for your family." - Chad Thompson, @steelworkers Local 40NOW: Workers are standing up to some of the most powerful corporate interests in the country. Were talking LIVE with workers in Alabama, California and West Virginia about their strikes for justice.The Gilded Age is not ancient history the average American worker produces far more today than they did decades ago, yet that worker is worse off economically than they were in 1973.LIVE NOW: Working people all over the country are taking on corporate greed and winning. In 2022, we must stand together in unprecedented solidarity.While the corporate-owned media may not be talking about it, working people all over the country are taking on corporate greed, and guess what? They're winning. Join me tonight at 8 PM ET a livestream discussion with striking workers.The wealthy and powerful corporate interests are trying to create a culture that makes us feel weak and hopeless and diminishes the strength of human solidarity. No. Despair is not an option. Instead, we must rise up together.At a time of massive income and wealth inequality working people, with great courage, are standing together against corporate greed. Their struggle is our collective struggle.  Join me and striking workers for a livestream discussion tomorrow night at 8 PM ET.Against overwhelming odds, the men and women of the labor movement changed society for the better. If you've ever enjoyed a paid vacation, a weekend off, a sick day, or a pension, the labor movement not your boss are the people to thank.Tax the billionaires.Let's be clear. Class warfare in this country is intensifying. The ruling class is united, and they are united in greed. No one individual is going to save us. We must rise up together. Our greatest weapon in these times is our solidarity.2022 is the year of solidarity. Working people all over the country with extraordinary courage and determination are taking on corporate greed, and they're winning. Join me and striking workers for a town hall this Wednesday night at 8 PM ET.The American Rescue Plan reduced childhood poverty in America by over 40% through the expanded child tax credit. It helped millions of families to survive. Unless Build Back Better is passed, the expansion will end and we will see a huge increase in childhood poverty.It's not easy to stand up to your boss and say, 'you know what? I'm a human being, I have rights, I deserve to be treated with respect and dignity.' But all over this country, you're seeing workers standing up, organizing, and fighting back. Solidarity that's how you win power.If you believe, as I do, that at a time of massive inequality the key to creating an economy that works for all, not just the few, requires a resurgent labor movement, then we must expose corporate greed, support striking workers and make it easier for people to join a union.Jane and I want to take this opportunity to wish you and yours a safe and healthy new year. 2022 is not a time for despair or cynicism. Now is a time for hard work. Now is a time to stand up and fight for the country that we know we can become.Warren Buffett is a billionaire worth over $100 BILLION with a tax rate of just 0.10%. He's spoken eloquently on the crisis of growing inequality. But why doesn't he want to make sure the steelworkers of Special Metals are treated with dignity and respect?It was nearly 70 in Alaska just a few days ago. Cities in Colorado are overrun with wildfire and hundred mile-per-hour winds. Anyone who denies that we are in the midst of a large-scale climate crisis is not living in reality. We need bold climate action and we need it now.Mr. Buffett is one of the wealthiest guys on the planet. There is no reason that steelworkers at Special Metals, a W.V. company that made $1.5 billion in profits last year, should accept an insulting contract that includes significant pay cuts and major cuts to their health care.Billionaires spending millions of dollars on political campaigns while Republicans in state after state make it harder and harder to vote is not a democracy. It is a corrupt political system controlled by a small group of people that Congress must have the guts to take on.It's true that corporate profits have never been higher. And still, they want more. But there is another more important truth: there are a lot more of us than there are of them. Now is the time to organize. Now is the time to end their greed.For the ruling class, greed is a religion. They will cut back on workers' wages, on workers' benefits, on workers' safety on the job all for the sake of having more, more, more. I've got news for the ruling class: you cannot have it all. The working class is fighting back.18 million Americans have gone without filling a prescription from their doctor because they could not afford the cost. Let me repeat that. 1 in 10 people in America today are going without the medicine they've been prescribed because of the cost. That, to me, is an outrage.A nurse should not pay more in federal taxes than Amazon owner Jeff Bezos, who is worth $195 billion.CEOs now make over 350 times as much as their average employees as they receive large salaries, stock options, "golden parachutes" and a wide range of perks. It is time they understand they cannot have it all.If a CEO offers a member of Congress $5 to vote for a bill, it's considered a bribe subject to severe punishment. If a CEO starts a Super-PAC, and raises millions for that member, it is perfectly legal. We must overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections.In the richest country in the history of the world, you should not have to work 2 or 3 jobs just to put food on the table and keep a roof over your head.You wanna organize and join a labor union? You should be able to do so without intimidation from your boss. That doesn't seem like too radical an idea to me.In the midst of this pandemic we thank our overworked doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals for all they are doing.Working within a dysfunctional health care system, their dedication and courage has saved thousands of lives. We very much appreciate their sacrifices.Jane and I wish you and yours a very safe and merry Christmas. I am absolutely confident that, as we stand together, we will defeat this pandemic and move our country and world forward toward peace, justice and environmental sanity. Keep the faith.It was the labor movement that brought you the holiday weekend.The Democratic Party must once again become the party that stands up for the working class of this country.The Build Back Better Act is a bold attempt to finally address the long-neglected needs of working families and demand that the wealthiest people in this country and large corporations start paying their fair share. It's time to take a vote in the Senate.No, getting an education should not mean that you are burdened for life with student loan debt. Yes, the time is now to cancel all $1.86 trillion of student debt in this country.In this country, we allow the pharmaceutical industry's greed to go totally unchecked, leaving the American people to pay ten times more for insulin than the people of Canada. That is a disgrace.I voted against NAFTA. I voted against PNTR with China. It was obvious to me then, and it is obvious to me now that what these large corporations want is to pay desperate people in other countries a buck an hour instead of paying workers in America decent wages.Last year, while nearly 1 out of 4 Americans could not afford to fill the prescriptions written by their doctors, 6 of the largest drug companies made tens of billions in profits. That is absolutely insane. The time to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry is now.We cannot be negotiating forever while standing for nothing. Let's bring the Build Back Better Act to the floor of the Senate and finally have the guts to take on the most powerful special interests in the country.I suspect that the people of WV are like people in every other state. They want to lower prescription drug costs. They want Medicare to cover vision, hearing and dental. They want to continue $300 per child monthly payments. They want the wealthy to pay their fair share.We have more income and wealth inequality in America today than at any time in history. The corporate elite basically own many parts of the Congress. If you think Reconstruction is ancient history and its lessons are not relevant to today, you are missing a very important point."Slavery was a total institution a system of labor, of politics, of race relations. When slavery was gone, what was to replace it?" - Professor Eric Foner on the class struggles that took place after the abolition of slavery"Part of the problem of our present moment of such moral decay and spiritual decrepitude is too much conformity, too much complacency, too much complicity, and too much cowardliness." - @CornelWest"There's always a temptation in U.S. politics when discussing American history to imagine the nation's history as inherently progressive... History is not promised or inevitable. It is always a product of struggle." - Professor @KeeangaYamahtta"How we think about this history matters today. It's not just an academic exercise." - Professor Eric Foner on the crucial need to learn from the history of ReconstructionLIVE NOW: Join me, Professor Eric Foner, @KeeangaYamahtta, and @CornelWest for an important discussion on the lessons of Reconstruction.My message to Kellogg's is this. You don't treat people whose families gave their lives to your company as disposable. You don't threaten to send their jobs to Mexico. You treat them with the dignity and the respect that they deserve.If Joe Manchin does not have the guts to stand up to the powerful special interests, he's going to have to explain that to the people of West Virginia who are hurting and hurting badly.TOMORROW, 8PM ET: Join me, Professor Eric Foner, @KeeangaYamahtta, and @CornelWest for an important panel discussion on the lessons of Reconstruction.  Watch LIVE atAny worker in any state in this country who wants to join a labor union must be allowed to do so.Heres the letter from President Biden that I read at todays rally with striking Kelloggs workers in Battle Creek, Michigan.All across this country, working people are saying: "Enough is enough. We want dignity. We want respect. We want justice."Working people in this country want dignity. They want respect. They want to be able to raise their families with a decent middle-class income. And they don't want to have to work 100 days in a row to be able to do that.I want the American people to know this. When you look at Kellogg's workers, you're looking at people who have worked 60, 70, or 100 hours a week to feed this country without a day off. You don't treat those workers with disrespect and contempt.I've got a message for Kellogg's. If you love America, then you love the workers of this country. And if you love American workers, you don't threaten them with permanent replacements, or to ship their jobs to desperate people in Mexico to pay them 90 cents an hour.What's going on in this country right now is a disgrace. We are seeing massive levels of massive income and wealth inequality. Working people are struggling to put food on the table. But the top 1%, they're doing just fine. Does that sound acceptable to you?"What we're here to do is to stop the exploitation of the American middle-class worker." - Trevor Bidelman, BCTGM Local 3G President"Everyone is sick and tired of working every single waking moment of their life. We have to do this just to have some version of what's referred to as a 'comfortable living.'" - Trevor Bidelman, BCTGM Local 3G PresidentEND KELLOGG'S GREED: I'm in Battle Creek, Michigan standing with striking workers who are demanding dignity on the job and an end to Kellogg's corporate greed. Join us LIVE now.Kellogg's is a company that made $1.4 billion in profit last year. They can afford to compensate their CEO to the tune of nearly $12 million. And how did they make that money? The workers who came to work during a pandemic and fed this country. Those workers deserve our support.I don't know how you look at Kellogg's, who is raking in BILLIONS in profits on the backs of workers doing 12-hour shifts for 100 days in a row and say that those workers do not deserve decent wages, decent working conditions, and dignity on the job. Not a radical idea!I look forward to standing with striking Kellogg's workers today in Battle Creek, Michigan. These workers have tremendous courage in not only standing up for themselves, but for future generations against the reckless corporate greed on display by Kellogg's. Join us at 3 PM ET.On Sunday night, we will hold a very important livestream discussion about the lessons of Reconstruction.  Please join me and our special guests Professor Eric Foner, @KeeangaYamahtta, and @CornelWest at 8 PM ET atLast year, the Kellogg's workers helping to feed America during a global pandemic were rightly considered "heroes." Today, the company considers them to be disposable. I stand in solidarity with the workers in their struggle for respect and dignity.I've been told that radical action to avert the climate crisis is "unrealistic." I disagree. What's truly unrealistic is continuing to do nothing and expecting our planet to be remotely inhabitable for future generations. NOW is the time to act.Kellogg's workers kept the country fed during a global pandemic, bringing Kellogg's BILLIONS in profits. Can Kellogg's afford to negotiate in good faith with the workers demanding dignity? Absolutely. This Friday, I'm headed to Michigan to stand with the workers. Join me.As part of the American Rescue Plan, the expanded Child Tax Credit helped cut child poverty in HALF. Lets be clear, anyone who opposes its extension should come forward and explain to the American people why they think struggling working families dont need help.Despite receiving billions from taxpayers to develop the vaccines, drug companies remain more interested in increasing their profits than in saving lives. But let us be very clear. That taxpayer investment was not to make more money for drug companies. It was to crush COVID.It wasn't the CEO or other executives that kept Kellogg's running and made them billions in profits during a global pandemic it was the workers putting in 12-hour shifts for a breathtaking number of days in a row. Kellogg's must come to the table and negotiate in good faith.Kellogg's workers made the company BILLIONS during a pandemic by working 12-hour shifts, some for more than 100 days in a row. But Kellogg's is now choosing corporate greed over the workers they once called heroes. On Friday, Im going to Michigan to stand with the workers.You should not have to work 80 hours a week to make ends meet in this country.Kellogg's workers came to work during the pandemic. They worked 12-hour shifts. They worked 7 days a week. Kellogg's made $1.26 BILLION in profits last year. Their CEO made over $11 million. Don't you think workers deserve a contract that treats them with dignity and respect?New moms in Denmark are guaranteed 126 days of paid leave to spend with their newborn. New moms in Canada are guaranteed 119 days. New moms in France are guaranteed 112 days. New moms in the United States are guaranteed ZERO days. Let's end this international embarrassment.Kellogg's is a company that is worth tens of billions of dollars. They paid their CEO over $11 million last year. So why are they threatening to fire striking workers and send jobs to Mexico that pay $0.97 an hour? The answer is greed.  Let's stand with the workers.The tornado destruction in Kentucky,Arkansas, Illinois, Missouri, Mississippi and Tennessee is devastating. Jane and I send our deepest condolences to the families who lost loved ones and we thank the first responders working around the clock to save lives.President Biden is exactly right. We cannot allow a large, profitable corporation to permanently replace striking workers and send their jobs to Mexico. Now is the time for our government to stand with struggling workers, and not with a greedy corporation.: @NoahRiffeStacie Hartman is a Marine veteran and a striking Kelloggs worker who has worked 62 days in a row, mostly 12 hour days. But that's not enough for the Kellogg's CEO. He wants to ship her job to Mexico where he pays workers $0.97/hour. Support the workers.There should be no doubt that abortion rights in this country are under relentless attack by far-right politicians. If we are going to protect a woman's right to control her own body, we must reform the filibuster and codify Roe v. Wade into law with 50 votes in the Senate.You're a billionaire great, good for you. You want to zoom around on a rocket and pretend you're an astronaut? That's fine, it's a free country. But don't ask for government subsidies to do it and then whine when you're asked to pay your fair share of taxes.Workers with @SBWorkersUnited made history today. They are a tremendous inspiration and it is so encouraging to see people all over the country standing up for themselves and each other. In solidarity, together, working people can achieve the dignity they deserve.Congratulations to @SBWorkersUnited on the HISTORIC achievement of organizing the first-ever union at a company-owned Starbucks in the US. The company should stop pouring money into the fight against the union and negotiate a fair contract now.Is Kellogg's facing hard times? No, not by a long shot. Over the course of the pandemic, they've made big profits. Their CEO makes millions. So, what could possibly be their justification for refusing to treat their workers with basic dignity? It's GREED!When Kellogg's employees worked 7 days a week during the pandemic to feed America they were called "heroes." Today, despite big profits, the company is trying to break their strike by bringing in permanent replacements and sending 275 jobs to Mexico. Let's stand with the workers.Take a look around you. 1 out of 4 people can't afford the cost of their prescriptions. All the while, billionaires have increased their wealth by more than $2 TRILLION since the start of the pandemic. Don't you think it's time we got our national priorities straight?Ask yourselves. Why are Republicans so interested in making it harder and harder to vote in this country? Why are businesses so keen on making it as difficult as possible for workers to form a union? It's simple it's all about taking power away from working people. No more.The motivation of the pharmaceutical industry is greed they squeeze the American people tighter and tighter to make themselves richer and richer all while 1 out of 4 Americans can't afford the medicines their doctors prescribe. It's time to end their greed.How insane is it that in America today, for 1 out of 4 people in this country, this is the reality: You get sick. You go to the doctor. The doctor writes a prescription. You can't afford that medicine. And what happens? In many cases, they get even sicker. Unacceptable.The workers who are working so very hard to organize, who are standing up and fighting for justice are an enormous inspiration to me, and a reminder that if we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Not me, us.It is my view that if a worker wants to join a union, it is his or her constitutional right to be able to do so."We would already have our union if the laws didn't have so many loopholes that allowed corporate to come in and dominate us, delay efforts, and harass us." - Michelle Eisen"Howard Schultz and every other member of the upper chain of command could have chosen to make it easier on our baristas, to make it livable, and to avoid the challenges that came with the pandemic, but they chose not to. They chose virtue signaling." - Gianna Reeve"We are very confident that by the end of next week, we're going to have the first union Starbucks in the country. The public putting pressure on Starbucks to come to the table is what we need right now." - Lexi Rizzo"A lot of people wonder why we want to have a union at a job that they see as 'unskilled labor.' Well I can tell you that we are not unskilled laborers. We do not just pour coffee. We invest a serious amount of emotional labor into our stores." - Lexi Rizzo"I don't agree that if we're unhappy with the way Starbucks is, that we should just leave. When you love something, you fight to make it better, and that's what we're trying to do with our union campaign." - Lexi RizzoIs it an increasingly common occurrence to see people from Starbucks corporate in the stores? "Absolutely."  Maya Panos details the lengths to which Starbucks corporate is going to pressure workers to vote against the union."As they've been hiring a bunch of people to dilute our votes, our hours have been slowly getting cut down, week by week." - Maya Panos details the anti-union tactics being used in her store by Starbucks management"I have a partner who has been with the company for 17 years. She has almost 2 decades of experience and she makes a little over a dollar more than me that's unacceptable." - Gianna Reeve"I, as a partner, and Howard Schultz, who is apparently also a partner, are supposed to be on equal playing fields. You need to uphold your morals, and if Starbucks won't do that, myself and my fellow partners will do that. That's why I'm fighting for this union." - Gianna Reeve"They've sent what they call 'support partners' in to try to prevent us from talking about the union with our coworkers... We know that they're there to surveil us." - Michelle Eisen on the anti-union tactics used by Starbucks corporateIn America today, our younger generations, through no fault of their own, now has a lower standard of living than did their parents.  In other words, the American dream is going backwards. Totally unacceptable.LIVE: Young workers are fighting back against an economy that only works for the wealthy. Join me NOW for a livestream with Starbucks employees in Buffalo who are fighting to form the first union ever at the company.You know what, if Starbucks can find the money to pay their CEO nearly $15 MILLION in compensation, I think that MAAAAAYBE they can afford to pay their workers a decent wage with decent benefits! Not a radical idea!TONIGHT: Starbucks workers in Buffalo, NY could make history this week by organizing to form the first union in the history of the company. I hope you'll join us tonight at 8 PM ET for a livestream discussion with the workers regarding what they hope to win with a union.Republicans have been working overtime doing all that they can to make it harder to vote in this country. Our job now is to do all we can to make it easier to vote and to ensure that we remain a democracy.Starbucks workers' median pay: $12,113 Starbucks CEO compensation: $14.7 MILLION If Starbucks can afford to pay its CEO over 1,200x what it pays its median workers, then yeah, I think they can afford to negotiate in good faith with workers organizing to join a union.Young workers are struggling with low wages, high rents, student debt, lack of health care, etc. Some of them are fighting back. Please join me tomorrow night at 8 PM ET for a livestream with Starbucks employees in Buffalo who are forming the first union ever at that company.We cant go back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy. We must pass legislation that codifies Roe v. Wade as the law of the land. And if there arent 60 votes to do it, and there are not, we must reform the filibuster to pass it with 50.I stand in solidarity with miners at Warrior Met in Alabama fighting back courageously against Wall Street vultures who forced cuts to their wages and benefits. It is time that we put the lives of working people ahead of shareholder profits.Cost for Pulmicort asthma inhaler: : $0 : $33 : $311 I am sick and tired of the pharmaceutical industry continuing to rip off the American people. It is long past time to end their greed.Since the Wall Street collapse of 2009, 45% of all new income has gone to the top 1%. During the pandemic, billionaires have seen their wealth increase by over $2 trillion. Is that the sort of economic reality that working people should be satisfied with? I don't think so.I want you stop scrolling for just a moment. Take one second and pause. Jeff Bezos made $3,715 in just ONE second that's more than the median full-time worker in this country earns in an entire week. Please do not tell me he cannot afford to pay his fair share of taxes.If you don't have the guts to defend your ideas, if you know your political ideas can't carry the day, I guess one way to win elections is to deny the right to vote to those who might vote against you. Unfortunately for Republicans, we live in a democracy. One person. One vote.In the midst of all of this throw in COVID, throw in climate it is very, very easy to get discouraged. We cannot do that. We are fighting not only for ourselves, but for our kids and our grandkids. The struggle continues."One of my biggest critiques of the media is when this issue is viewed as, 'Democrats vs Republicans,' when it's really, 'Republicans vs democracy.'" - @AriBerman"A 'red wave' is a mild way to describe what will happen if we are unable to secure American elections... Republicans are not interested in governing." - @nseufot"We don't talk about the vote as if it's some magic bullet it's a tool in our tool belt that we can use to build the country that our families deserve." - @nseufot"The assault on democracy did not end with the assault on the Capitol. In many ways, it was the beginning of the assault on our democracy." - Sen. @AmyKlobuchar"Over the last decade or so, Republicans in Wisconsin have used their position in the state legislature to make it harder for Democratic voters to cast their ballots. It's as simple as that." - @NicholsUprising"We are witnessing a crisis in American democracy. And I do not use those words lightly." - @nseufotExtreme gerrymandering means "really unpopular policies could be enacted with virtually no accountability." Listen to @AriBerman on the danger of extreme gerrymandering to our democracy."We are witnessing the greatest effort to roll back voting rights and to roll back fair representation since the Voting Rights Act passed in 1965. This is the most serious threat democracy since the Jim Crow Era." - @AriBerman on the anti-democratic GOP efforts across the countryI've been in politics for a little while. As a public official, it has always been my belief that we should make it easier for people to participate in the political process not harder.LIVE NOW: Our country is facing the very real existential threat of losing our democracy as we know it and plunging toward authoritarianism. Please join our live town hall NOW on how the people can fight back.Maybe I'm a little old fashioned, but I believe that when you talk about democracy, that means one person, one vote. It does not mean billionaires buying elections. It does not mean extreme gerrymandering. It does not mean making it next to impossible to vote.TONIGHT: Republicans in state after state are working to make it harder and harder to vote. We can't let them succeed. Join me, Sen. @amyklobuchar, @ariberman, @nseufot, and @NicholsUprising TONIGHT at 8 PM ET to discuss the ways we can fight these anti-democratic efforts.Abortion is a constitutional right.For 50 years, this nation's working class has been DECIMATED. We pay the highest prices on earth for prescription drugs. Half our people live paycheck to paycheck. Half a million people are sleeping on the street. NOW is the moment to invest in the needs of working people.It is an international embarrassment that even after living through an ongoing pandemic, American workers continue to be guaranteed ZERO days of paid medical leave.I'm proud to stand with @SBWorkersUnited in their fight for decent wages and decent working conditions. Starbucks is raking in record profits in 2021. They are not a struggling company. So why are they working so hard to defeat workers' efforts to form a union?Let's be honest about the stakes of this moment. The Republican Party today is an anti-democracy party. They are doing all they can to make it harder for American citizens to vote and participate in the political process. We cannot allow them to succeed.Just this year alone, 33 laws that make it harder for Americans to vote have been enacted in - AL - AZ - AR - FL - GA - ID - IN - IA - KS - KY - LA - MT - NV - NH - NY - OK - TX - UT - WY Unacceptable. We must make it easier not harder to vote in this country.In 2021 so far, there have been more than 425 bills introduced in state legislatures in 49 states across the country aimed at making it harder to vote. Join me, Sen. @amyklobuchar, @ariberman, @nseufot, and @NicholsUprising this Wednesday at 8 PM ET to discuss how we fight back.No, you should not accept an economic system which allows the CEOs of this country to grow their pay by 1,167% while at the same time, worker pay has grown by just 13.7%. Another world and an economy which works for all of us is possible, but only if we fight for it.Jane and I would like to wish a Happy Hanukkah to all who are celebrating across the world in the week ahead.My message to GOP legislators across this country is this: if you are SOOO scared to campaign on your ideas that you have to resort to rigged electoral maps and draconian voter suppression laws to be able to win, maybe you ought to get out of politics and find a new job.In 1944 FDR stated; "We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence.He was right. People who are hungry, homeless and without health care are not truly free.The struggle continues.Question: What does it say about a political party that has to repeatedly gerrymander districts to continue to hold power, that has to make it harder for people of color and for poor people to vote? Answer: It says that they are cowards afraid of democracy.Time is running out for American democracy. If we're going to stop Republican voter suppression, extreme gerrymandering and attacks on election officials ALL Democrats must vote to end the filibuster and pass the Freedom to Vote Act NOW.I believe we have very little time left now to save American democracy from Republican voter suppression and extreme gerrymandering. Join me, Sen. @AmyKlobuchar, @ariberman, @nseufot, and @NicholsUprising this Wednesday at 8 PM ET to learn about how we can fight back.I am proud to stand in solidarity with the workers of @wirecutterunion. To my mind it is not right that Wirecutter workers are paid a median salary some $43,000 less than others in the newsroom. Management must negotiate in good faith to see that workers are compensated fairly.Jane and I want to take this opportunity to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving. In these difficult times let us continue standing together, with hope and love, to create the world of peace and justice that we all deserve. Despair is not an option.Insulin in the United States should not cost 14x what it costs in England. It should not cost 11x what it costs in France. It should not cost 9x what it costs in Germany. It should not cost 7x what it costs in Japan. Let's take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.New moms in Canada are guaranteed 119 days of paid leave to spend with their baby. You know how many days of paid leave a new mom here in the United States is guaranteed? NOT ONE! Don't you think maybe we should put an end to that international embarrassment?The top 0.01% now owns more wealth in this country than at any time since the Gilded Age. At a time when so few have so much, and so many have so little, yeah, I think maybe we should be asking the wealthiest among us to pay their taxes.Nothing scares corporate America more than a powerful trade union movement. And you know why that is? Because in the union, you've got power. That's what this is all about. Real power rests with workers who are organized. We must rebuild the trade union movement in this country.Why should the American people continue to pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for the same medications, manufactured by the same companies, in the same factories that are all available in Canada, in Europe, in Australia and in Japan for a fraction of the price?While Republicans, in state after state, undermine American democracy through voter suppression and extreme gerrymandering, there are still some Democrats in the Senate who refuse to waive the filibuster in order to strengthen the voting rights act. Sad and dangerous.Maybe, just maybe, instead of giving bored billionaires money to zoom around outer space, we could finally end the international embarrassment of being the only major country on the planet not to guarantee paid family and medical leave to its people. How about that?You ready for a radical statement? Here we go. An asthma inhaler that is sold to the Canadian people for just $27 should not cost the American people $242 for the EXACT SAME inhaler..@WelchForVT understands that now is the time to think big, not small. Peter has the knowledge and experience to fight for a government that works for all, not just the wealthy few. That's why I'm proud to endorse Peter today and look forward to serving with him in the Senate.How can it be that in Canada, the same exact medicine, manufactured by the same exact company not a generic can cost 1/10 what it costs here in the United States? The answer is simple. The greed and the power of the pharmaceutical industry.Health care workers across this country put their lives on the line to get us through this pandemic. They deserve dignity on the job and to be paid a decent wage. I'm proud to stand in solidarity with @1199SEIU nursing home workers in New York fighting for a fair contract.At a time when you've got billionaires in this country who in a given year pay Z-E-R-O in income taxes, no, I do not think we should be giving the wealthy even more tax breaks.It is beyond absurd that at the same time as our nation continues to spend more on the military than the next 12 nations COMBINED, we are told over and over that we cannot afford to invest in the needs of working class people here at home.I applaud Democrats in the House of Representatives for uniting to pass the Build Back Better Act. Now the Senate has an opportunity to hear the demands of the American people and strengthen the bill. Thats what we must do.Year after year, the Military Industrial Complex gets whatever it wants and they get it in a bipartisan way. When it comes to tax breaks for the wealthy on top, no problem. But when it comes to the needs of working families, we 'can't afford it.' Give me a break.When we want to expand Medicare to cover dental, vision, and hearing? 'Nope. Can't do it, think of the deficit!' Universal pre-K? 'Nope. Deficit.' Paid leave? 'Nope. Deficit.' $778 billion a year in defense spending? 'SUUURE! No problem!' Let's get our priorities straight.Congress says in this moment, when it comes to working families' needs and the very habitability of our planet for future generations, we can't afford to act. But when it comes to finding more money for war, theres hardly a debate. Our priorities have become horribly distorted.Why is it considered to be 'no big deal' for some of my colleagues to want to spend some $778 BILLION annually in defense spending, but the second we suggest that MAYBE we should invest in the needs of working class people, well, oh my God, the sky is falling! Disgraceful.Exactly right.Isn't it strange?Is anyone in the United States Congress going to tell me with a straight face that 'yeah, we ought to continue being the only major country on the planet not to guarantee its people some form of paid family and medical leave'?Why are my colleagues SOOOO concerned with the deficit when it comes to addressing the needs of working people but when we're talking about an annual defense budget of $778 BILLION, those concerns just melt away? Join me on Instagram at 2:45 PM ET to discuss why I'm voting NO.Are we seeing a real 'labor shortage' in this country? No, I do not think so. What we have is a situation in which workers all across this country are saying, 'you know what? I don't have to work for starvation wages, I am a human being, I deserve to be treated with dignity.'Nobody and I mean NOBODY in this country is calling up Congress begging to continue to pay the highest prices on the planet for their prescription drugs. What you do have is an overwhelming majority of Americans asking us to finally take on Big Pharma's greed. Let's do it.Tell me. Why should we accept a reality in which the pharmaceutical industry is able to charge the American people $242 for the EXACT SAME asthma inhaler that the Canadian people get for just $27?"Justice Louis Brandeis said, 'America faces a choice. We can have great wealth in the hands of a few, or we can have a democracy, but we can't have both.' His words are equally applicable to the second Gilded Age we are now living in." - @RBReichThe truth of the matter is that there are a hell of a lot more working people than there are billionaires.  The one response you cannot have is to sit back and give up. Let's stand up. Let's fight back. Let's create the kind of world we know we can become."The typical family today with young children is spending something between 20% and 30% of their income on child care... There is no better antidote to inflation than cutting many of these costs." - @RBReich"It's naive not to recognize that economic power can translate into political power. We have classes of people with way too much economic power that have been able to hijack our political system in a way that does not allow us to thrive and humans to flourish." - @DarrickHamiltonYou know, up on Capitol Hill, it is quite a remarkable thing to see such remarkable greed in action."Over the next 10 years, the military bill is $8 TRILLION. Does anybody out there say, 'oh we can't afford $8 trillion'? Nobody says that." - @RBReichWith one bill, we were able to cut childhood poverty in this country nearly IN HALF. This is what good public policy can do. We must extend the expanded Child Tax Credit."It's not a labor shortage. It's that employers are not offering the wages and benefits that would be required to bring a person back into the labor force in the middle of an ongoing pandemic." - @StephanieKeltonOn 'labor shortages': "The key is, we want good jobs. We want jobs with dignity. We want jobs with living wages. We want safe jobs. Otherwise, a bad job might be worse than no job." - @DarrickHamilton"Right now, you've got record levels of corporate profits. If they were really in a competitive market, they would not be raising their prices... they can raise their prices because they have market power, they are monopolists... they are not really competing." - @RBReichLIVE NOW: Our economy has worked incredibly well for billionaires and corporate CEOs. It's time we built an economy that worked for the working class of this country. Tune in NOW to our town hall discussion to hear how we build an economy for all.Should billionaires pay their fair share of taxes? Yeah. They should. Should the working class of this country be paid a decent wage and be treated with the dignity they deserve? Yeah. They should. How do we get there? Tune in to our town hall discussion TONIGHT to learn more.Real wages for working people have barely budged since the 1970s. Let me say that again. Real wages for working people have barely budged at all in the last 50 YEARS. We must build an economy which looks out for the needs of the working class, not the profits of corporations.If you're a billionaire in America today, the last few decades have been pretty good to you, but if you're virtually anybody else, you're working longer hours for not much more pay since the 1970s. We must transform our economy. Tune in TONIGHT to our town hall discussion.Worker productivity 1948-1979: 108.1% Worker compensation 1948-1979: 95% Worker productivity 1979-2019: 72.2% Worker compensation 1979-2019: 17.2% We must build an economy for all. Tune in to our town hall discussion TONIGHT to learn how.It is not some radical idea to suggest that Americans should not have to die because we are the only major country that allows drug companies to raise prices to whatever they want, whenever they want.I cannot understand the absurdity that it costs TEN TIMES as much for insulin in the United States as it does for the same exact drug in Canada.This is the richest country ever to exist. New moms should not have to go back to work within days of giving birth because they can't afford to take time off with their newborn baby. We must join every major country on earth in guaranteeing paid leave to our people.We know a rigged economy works for the wealthy and the worlds biggest corporations. So how can we build an economy that works for all? Join me, @StephanieKelton, @RBReich, and @DarrickHamilton Monday night to find out.Typical worker pay growth since 1978: 18% CEO pay growth since 1978: 1,322% Maybe the problem isn't a so-called 'worker shortage.' Maybe just maybe the working class of this country has finally had enough.On this Veterans Day, let's remember: No veteran should have to sleep on the streets. No veteran should go hungry. No veteran should go without the health care they need.Poll after poll says that the Build Back Better Act is enormously popular with an overwhelming majority of the American people. I am once again asking my colleagues to LISTEN to what the people are telling us. They want us to get this done.We must commit ourselves to keeping Americas promise to our veterans and servicemembers, just as they kept their promise to us.This Veterans Day, we must honor and renew America's promise to our veterans and their families. That means ensuring the best quality health care, strengthening the VA, and ending the injustices that too many servicemembers face, such as homelessness, loneliness, and deportation.Over the past decade, we have seen: 226%in prescription drug prices for seniors 38%in healthcare prices 37%in college prices 32%in childcare prices 26%in housing prices The Build Back Better Act will bring these costs down & ease inflation. Let's get it done NOW!Nearly half of Americans do not earn enough to afford to rent a one bedroom apartment. Half our people continue to live paycheck to paycheck. Meanwhile, Elon Musk is some $293 BILLION richer since the start of the pandemic. That's what a rigged economy is all about.What do the American people want? ASK THEM! They've told us loud and clear, again and again. Lower RX drug costs. 88% support! Expand Medicare to cover dental, vision, & hearing. 84% support! Paid family & medical leave. 73% support! Here's a radical idea: listen to the people.It's a new day, and it's the same story. The polls are telling us what you and I already know to be true: the American people overwhelmingly support the provisions of the Build Back Better Act. Good policy. Good politics. Win/win! Now let's get it done.Do I lose sleep at night worrying about what the wealthy and corporate CEOs think about the reconciliation bill? Honestly? No. Not at all. What I worry about is what our government is going to do to address the long-neglected needs of the working class.The debate over prescription drug costs in this country is not a debate about innovation, or the best way to prevent illness. It is about whether we maintain a system which allows Big Pharma to profit at the American people's expense, or whether we take on their greed.The ability to spend time with your newborn baby should not depend on where you work, your income, or your zip code. We must end the absurdity of being the only major country not to guarantee paid family and medical leave.400 richest Americans' wealth in 1991: $288 billion 400 richest Americans' wealth today: $5.3 trillion Americans unable to afford to fill their prescriptions today: 18,000,000 Who is our economy working for?Who gives a damn what a handful of corporate donors want from Congress? I listen to the people and here's what the people say: 88% want lower RX drug costs 84% want to expand Medicare to cover dental, vision, and hearing 73% want paid family and medical leave Let's do it.88% of the American people support our efforts to lower prescription drug costs 88%! Is it just me, or is that an overwhelming majority of this country? I say we get this done.Interesting. Conservative Dems want to make sure that Build Back Better is fully paid for at exactly the same time that they voted for an infrastructure bill that, according to the CBO, increases the federal deficit by $256 billion. Not very consistent!Pop quiz. Take 1,500 pharmaceutical lobbyists up on Capitol Hill, add them together with 535 members of Congress what do you get? If you guessed 'the American people paying the highest prices on the planet for prescriptions,' you guessed right. Let's end Big Pharma's greed.The patent for insulin was sold for $1 so it would be available to all. Insulin in the United States is now the 6th most expensive liquid in the world. That is the power of Big Pharma's greed when it goes unchallenged. NOW is the time that we finally take them on.Not one member of the GOP voted for the expanded Child Tax Credit. Not one of you is prepared to support paid family and medical leave. "Party of parents"? Give me a break.From Big Pharma to John Deere to Kellogg's, there is a common thread: corporate greed. Under a system which is meant to create more and more wealth for fewer and fewer people, 'enough' will never be enough. We must build working class solidarity and end their greed.Cost for one vial of insulin in 1996: $21 Cost for the same vial of insulin in 2018: $320 What possible reason, other than greed, could there be for the pharmaceutical industry to raise the price of insulin by more than 1,400%? It's time to end Big Pharma's greed.There is a war being waged by corporate America against the working class of this country the working class is fighting back, and the working class is going to win that war.Solidarity forever.What the labor movement is about is solidarity. It is people understanding that we can't do it alone. The only way we can win what we deserve as human beings is when we come together in unions."If we understand that we have the power, we can change the dynamic here... If we say how it's going to go, if we say that you're not going to it done without us, then we can actually change the world." - @FlyingWithSara"After working 12 hours, whether you work days or nights, you can be told, 'we're short staffed, you have to work an additional 4.'" - Melissa Piechovicz, a nurse in New York discussing the forced overtime and short staffing epidemicWorkers at Kellogg's have been forced to work 7 days a week, 12 hours a day. How the hell are you expected to do that?Do you know how much the pharmaceutical industry is spending to make it so they can continue charging you the highest prices on the planet for prescription drugs? $300 million on lobbying alone! Do you got that?"For the past 40 years, the typical American wage earner has no real wage raise whatsoever when adjusted for inflation... And we have not seen so much wealth concentrated at the top since the Gilded Age of the 1890's. " - @RBReich"If you don't understand that there always has to be a struggle, that we always have to fight, then we're going to lose the muscle to fight, to fight for our democracy, and to fight for our children." - @FlyingWithSara"When you look at it, this is all about worker exploitation. Throughout the pandemic, we were hailed as 'heroes'... 16 months later, the 'hero' is a zero. They don't want to acknowledge what we bring to the table." - Trevor Bidelman, a Kellogg's worker in Michigan"John Deere has surpassed their record profit year. They're prepared to make between $5.7 and $5.9 billion in profits this year. They rewarded their CEO with a 160% salary increase. We've been asking for something fair and equitable." - Chris Laursen, a John Deere worker in IowaLIVE: The power rests with those who get together, who organize, and who stand up for their rights. That's exactly what tens of thousands of workers all across this country are doing right now. Join our town hall meeting.Caring for your eyes, your ears, and your teeth is health care. Period. Yes, we must expand Medicare to cover vision, hearing, and dental care. That is a no-brainer.TONIGHT: Join me, @FlyingWithSara, @RBReich, and striking @UAW & @BCTGM workers for a town hall discussion on the recent uprising of workers on strike against exploitation on the job. Tune in atThat is beyond unacceptable. I will not support more tax breaks for billionaires.Workers all over this country are standing up to demand decent pay and dignity on the job. That is the kind of action we need if we are to rebuild America's middle class. Tomorrow night, join me, @FlyingWithSara, @RBReich, and striking workers for a town hall discussion.When 41% of the American people tell us that their top priority is for us to expand Medicare to include dental and vision benefits one of the most popular items in the Build Back Better agenda what should we do? We should listen to the people. Let's get this done.At a time when half our people are living paycheck to paycheck, @PhilMurphyNJ raised the minimum wage to a living wage. That is exactly the leadership New Jersey needs. We must make sure hes reelected tonight. NEW JERSEY: VOTE! Find your polling place:BUFFALO, NEW YORK: Today you have the opportunity to cast your ballot for @Indiawaltonbflo and her bold vision which invests in the needs of the people, not the moneyed interests.  Polls are open now until 9:00 PM. VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!"If all workers would stand up, stand together the exploitation of the worker in this country can stop." I am proud to stand in strong solidarity with @BCTGM workers in their struggle for a fair contract and reasonable hours.Right now, the pharmaceutical industry is doing everything they can to make sure that 1 out of 4 Americans continues to be unable to afford the prescriptions their doctors write.  Does that sound acceptable to you at all?Think about this: the exact same medications, manufactured by the same companies, in the same factories are all available in Canada, Europe, Australia and Japan for a fraction of the price that the American people pay. And why? Because of Big Pharma's greed.  Time to end it.Our health care system today says it's alright for drug manufacturers to increase the price of insulin by more than 300% in a decade. How does that sit with you? Don't you think it's time Congress took on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry?The neverending greed of the pharmaceutical industry is a threat to the economic security of working people all across this country and it must be stopped.I stand in solidarity today with Politico and E&E News employees uniting together to demand a voice in the future of their workplace. Management should recognize the union and immediately begin good faith negotiations.Price of asthma inhaler Flovent Diskus: $27 Price of asthma inhaler Flovent Diskus: $242 There is no rational reason other than greed for the pharmaceutical industry to charge the American people nearly 10x what the people of Canada pay for the exact same prescription.Insulin in the United States should not cost 10x what it costs in Canada.LIVE: Raising the minimum wage. Paid leave. Equal pay. The progress made under the leadership of Gov. Phil Murphy must be protected. Join us as we rally with the young people of New Jersey at Rutgers University.The business model of the pharmaceutical industry is greed.You can walk into the pharmacy today for a refill of the exact same medicine you've used for 10 years, and the price could be DOUBLE what it was when you got your last refill. And there's nothing you can do about it unless Congress summons the courage to end Big Pharma's greed.What does the pharmaceutical industry do with the record-breaking profits they make year after year? Over the past 20 years, they have spent over $4.5 BILLION on lobbying. You got that? That's BILLIONS with a 'B' to guarantee they can continue to rip off the American people.Does anybody seriously think it is 'radical' to suggest that the pharmaceutical industry should not be able to charge the American people FOUR TIMES as much as other major countries pay for the exact same prescription drugs?How many people need to die, how many people need to get unnecessarily sicker, how many people will needlessly suffer before the Congress will summon the courage to finally take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry?Let me tell you what a dysfunctional health care system is all about. In our country today, nearly 1 out of every 4 Americans cannot afford the medications that their doctors prescribe. How insane is that?!It is not the case anywhere else on the planet, but uniquely, here in America, the pharmaceutical industry can raise prices at any time they want, and to any price they want. UNACCEPTABLE!Now is the time for Congress to finally have the courage to take on the pharmaceutical industry. They cannot continue to charge us the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.Why is it that the pharmaceutical industry is able to charge the American people the highest prices on the planet for prescription drugs? Because their greed goes unchallenged in Washington, D.C. I say we put an end to that. Join me tonight for a live address.Raising the minimum wage. Paid leave. Equal pay. This is the progress made under the leadership of @PhilMurphyNJ, and this Thursday, we'll rally to get out the vote at Rutgers University. I hope you can join us.Days of paid leave offered to new moms around the world: : 182 : 152 : 126 : 119 : 112 : 112 : 112 : 98 : 98 : 91 : 90 : 84 : 0 It's time we end that international embarrassment and finally guarantee paid family and medical leave in this country.You know, I don't recall seeing Big Pharma and their lobbyists on the ballot in 2020, yet in Washington today, they are calling the shots. That has got to end. The American people want us to lower prescription drug prices. I say we listen to the people and get it done.Cost for one vial of Humalog insulin in 2009: $93 Cost for the same vial of insulin in 2021: $297 As long as the greed of the pharmaceutical industry continues to go unchecked, they can charge YOU, the American people, whatever price they want! Enough. Time to end their greed.Keeping teeth in your mouth as you grow old should not be a luxury in this country.The expansion of Medicare to cover dental, hearing and vision is supported by 84% of the public and is one of the most important provisions in Build Back Better. It's what the American people want and, after waiting over 50 years, what they are going to get.I don't know about my Republican colleagues, but I think it is outrageous that it is considered "normal" in this country for working class moms to be back at work within days of giving birth.The most radical thing we can do in regards to the climate crisis is to continue to do nothing.JOIN OUR PANEL: We are proposing historic legislation which says you know what? Maybe we should finally invest in the needs of working people. Join us for a special rebroadcast of our panel discussion, 'What's In The Damn Bill?.'It is the workers who brought John Deere a year of record-breaking profits not their CEO, not their executives and it is workers who deserve a decent wage and a fair contract.Voters in Arizona and across this country want us to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and lower the cost of prescription drugs through Medicare negotiations. Here's a radical idea: we listen to the people and get it done.Let me let you in on a little secret: what we are trying to accomplish with the Build Back Better plan is not radical stuff! We are simply suggesting that maybe, just maybe, our government should invest in the long-neglected needs of working people.Does it make any sense to you at all? If you are a diabetic living in England, you're able to get a vial of insulin for around $7. But if you're a diabetic here in the United States, you pay $98 for the EXACT SAME insulin? How crazy is that? We must end the greed of Big Pharma.The average billionaire in America today has a lower tax rate than the average worker. Does that seem acceptable to you?I want you all to take a guess. How many lobbyists do you think the pharmaceutical industry has up on Capitol Hill for the 535 members of Congress? Ready for the answer? OVER 1,500. You want to know why we pay the highest prices on the planet for prescriptions? Start there.Guess what? We are the only major country on the planet that doesn't guarantee a single day of paid family and medical leave. You have a baby in America today and you're low-income, you're back at work in a day or two. That is barbaric."I don't think anybody doesn't want to see John Deere make profits we know that golden goose has to lay golden eggs. But man, it's time to share some of the gold." I want you to take a moment and listen to what the John Deere workers on strike for a fair contract have to say.Look, John Deere is not a poor company. They are currently on track to make some $5.7 BILLION in profits this year alone. Yes, they can absolutely afford to treat their workers with the dignity they deserve. John Deere must come to the table and negotiate a fair contract.The worst fear in the world for the ruling class of this country is that people wake up one day and they say, 'I am a human being. And I and my children are entitled to live with dignity.'"The truly radical thing to do on climate would be to do nothing." - @VarshPrakash"A strong labor movement is going to be very critical from now until the rest of our lifetimes in securing a lot of these victories, not just legislatively, but with the tactic of withholding labor." - @AOC on the need for the worker protections in the Build Back Better planBrothers and sisters, what we are trying to do here is not radical. Much of what we're talking about exists today in other countries. This is us trying to finally do right by the American working class and finally having the courage to stand up to big money interests."[Corporate lobbyists] want YOU to give up before the deal is done, because it's way easier for them to try to get away with the things that they're lobbying for and against if people at home aren't watching." - @AOC on the need to stay engaged in the fight for this bill"The Build Back Better plan means that over the next few years, thousands of young people can get paid strong wages and gain work experience in doing the vital work to protect our planet and its people against the worst of the climate crisis." - @VarshPrakash"Blocking this bill... is economically insane... The lie of scarcity is literally sickening in this moment. We spent $21 trillion on war and militarization since 9/11. " - @RevDrBarber"What are the human consequences of the pharmaceutical industry's greed? 30% of Americans do not take the prescriptions that their doctors tell them to because they can't afford it." - @alaw202 on the need to finally allow Medicare to negotiate prescription drug prices"Investing in child care workers and home care workers means that families will finally get access to the care they need. It means that 96% of women that do this work will finally be paid a living wage and join together in a union." - @MaryKayHenryThis bill provides universal pre-K for 3- and 4-year-old kids all across this country and makes child care affordable to that no family pays more than 7% of their income on child care costs. That is no small thing.LIVE: We are working to pass the most consequential legislation for the working class in decades. Tune in NOW to find out how policies in the reconciliation bill will meet your needs and what we must do to get it done.I find it absurd that while billionaires in this country have gotten 70% richer since the start of the pandemic, working families are living paycheck to paycheck, struggling to afford their prescriptions, struggling to afford childcare. We must invest in the working class.What is the worst that would happen if we showed working people that their government can deliver for them, and not just those at the top? It would show working people that DEMOCRACY WORKS! A democracy which delivers for its people, the worst nightmare of the ruling class.TONIGHT: Polls show a majority of the American people support the policies in our reconciliation bill, but too many don't know they're actually in the bill! Tonight, @AOC, @RevDrBarber, @MaryKayHenry, @VarshPrakash, and @alaw202 join me to discuss. I hope you'll join us.The company should instead come to the table and negotiate a fair contract.John Deere's profits have exploded by some 67%, but workers who spent years with the company are now being forced off their insurance. That is beyond outrageous. John Deere is a hugely profitable company, and workers must be allowed to keep their health care during the strike.TOMORROW: The corporate media has done a pretty poor job covering the reconciliation legislation, which has left a lot of working people asking, 'What's in the damn bill?' Join me, @AOC, @RevDrBarber, @MaryKayHenry, @VarshPrakash, and @alaw202 tomorrow for a panel discussion.The ruling class of this country is absolutely terrified that we just might show the working class what it looks like when the United States government delivers for someone who is not a billionaire or a corporation.In Washington, Republicans don't think twice about huge tax cuts for billionaires. But when you start talking about doing anything at all to make life easier for working people? Forget it. Republicans love socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the rest of us.The richest country in the world can afford to invest in the needs of working people.Am I worried about the wishes of the more than 600 billionaires in America today? No, not for a minute. I am worried about a working class who has been neglected by their government for decades, who is working longer hours for less pay. That's who I'm worried about.The establishment incumbent that @Indiawaltonbflo defeated in the primary is running a write-in campaign backed by corporate interests and Republicans. She's going to need your help to get over the finish line. Chip in whatever you can afford:"This is about working class folks finally stepping up and saying, 'enough is enough.' We're ready to reclaim our seat of power and make sure we do what's right for the many." @Indiawaltonbflo is running a bold campaign to be mayor of Buffalo, NY and she's going to win.How can anyone say they are "patriotic" and "love their country" when they refuse to act against the drought, flooding, forest fires and extreme weather disturbances which cause our nation so much destruction.Climate change is real.The U.S.must lead the way in combating it.Please get vaccinated.It is the working class of America that makes this country move. Not Wall Street stockbrokers. Not real estate speculators. Not hedge fund managers. Not billionaires. Not CEOs taking exorbitant compensation packages while cutting the benefits of workers. Workers have the power.In Congress, we have a very simple choice to make. Do we listen to 1,500 pharmaceutical industry lobbyists telling us to let them continue to rip off the American people, or do we listen to tens of millions of Americans who tell us we should lower drug prices in this country?It is obscene that no member of the Sackler family, which profited for years from the sale of OxyContin and at the expense of the suffering of millions, has faced criminal charges for their actions.NEWSFLASH: The overwhelming majority of the American people are with us. They want us to lower prescription drug costs. They want the wealthy to pay their fair share. We cannot let Big Pharma's lobbyists and the millions of dollars of dishonest ads from the ruling class stop us.When poll after poll tells us that the American people overwhelmingly support our efforts to dramatically lower the cost of prescription drugs in this country, what should we do? Easy answer: we summon the courage in the Congress to stand up to Big Pharma and end their greed.What we are talking about with our budget bill is not a wish list." These are the real, material needs of the American people. Maybe, just maybe, it's time Congress delivered for the working class, not just the billionaire class.Profits at John Deere have skyrocketed by some 61% in recent years, while its CEO's salary has exploded by 160% since the start of the pandemic. Please do not tell me they cannot afford to pay their workers fairly. I am proud to stand in solidarity with @UAW members on strike.Kellogg's made record-breaking profits and pays its CEO $12 million in compensation, but they want to slash pay and benefits for the workers who make the products. Enough is enough. I stand in solidarity with @BCTGM workers on strike for a fair contract and reasonable hours.Solidarity forever.Working class people in America have waited for decades while their needs were neglected by their government. I will not ask working parents, the children, seniors, the sick, and the poor to continue to wait just to satisfy the wants of a handful of billionaires and corporations.And one out of four Americans can't afford to fill the prescriptions their doctor has prescribed them. Let's tax Mr. Musk and Mr. Bezos so that they finally pay their fair share of taxes, and invest that money into the many, many long-neglected needs of working class Americans.No, I do not think it's acceptable for a new mom in Detroit to be guaranteed ZERO days of paid leave to spend with her newborn, while just over the border in Canada, new moms are guaranteed 119 days. If Canada can guarantee paid leave to its people, why can't we?.@IATSE members are the working class backbone of TV programs and films. The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers should negotiate a fair contract with these workers.88% of the American people want us to lower the price of prescription drugs 84% support expanding Medicare to cover dental, vision, and hearing 73% support guaranteeing paid family and medical leave 67% support universal pre-K for kids Good policy is good politics. Let's do it.Does anybody seriously think we do not have a dysfunctional child care system in this country? Of course not. With the Build Back Better plan, we're finally going to make child care affordable for working families.40 years ago, the establishment said I had "no chance" to become Mayor of Burlington then we shocked the world. In June, @Indiawaltonbflo did the same, beating a four-term incumbent backed by corporate developers. Now let's help her win the general.I have traveled all across this country and spoken to many people. I have never heard a single person tell me that they appreciate the pharmaceutical industry continuing to rip them off and seeing to it that they continue paying the highest prices on earth for prescription drugs.Question: why is it that the Build Back Better plan is so ruthlessly opposed by the entire ruling class of this country? Answer: because with this bill, we are showing that government can deliver for the needs of working class people, not just billionaires and corporations.I am more than a little tired of the pharmaceutical industry continuing to rip off the American people and forcing them to pay, by far, the highest prices on the planet for their prescriptions. Aren't you?I believe that our kids and grandkids are entitled to inherit a planet that is healthy and habitable. "WOW! Bernie, that is radical stuff!" Sure it is, when for decades, the fossil fuel industry's greed has kept Congress from taking needed action on climate. Those days must end.Take a second and think have you ever in your life met an American who has said to you, "gee whiz I just LOVE paying the highest prices on the planet for my prescription drugs"? No, of course you haven't. We must finally allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices.Do I believe in an "entitlement society"? Yeah, I do. I believe that all Americans are entitled to a quality education, to affordable housing, to a decent standard of living. I do not believe that 2 people are entitled to block what the majority of the American people want.Over the years, I have heard my Republican colleagues talk about "family values." Do they care that, today, the United States government ranks DEAD LAST in child care spending? Maybe, just maybe, the party of "family values" should support our efforts to invest in the children.When you've got the support of the majority of the American people, the Democratic House and Senate caucus, and when you've got the support of the president this is not some 50-50 deal. Two people cannot stand in the way of delivering for the working people of this country.The pharmaceutical industry is spending millions and millions of dollars on misleading ads, swarming Capitol Hill with their lobbyists to convince lawmakers that it's a-okay for you to continue to pay the highest prices on earth for your prescriptions NO MORE.I get a little tired of Republicans telling me and telling you that we "can't afford it" when we talk about investing in the needs of working class people. You ever hear those people say we "can't afford it" when it comes to giving a billionaire another tax break? OF COURSE NOT!We have the real possibility of creating unprecedented public policy which stands up for working families, the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor and defeats the greed of powerful special interests and the billionaire class but only if we fight for it.For a very long time, American exceptionalism has meant being the only major country not to guarantee a single day of paid family and medical leave. I believe it's time we change our national priorities and guarantee paid leave to our people.The vast majority of the American people want us to: - substantially lower prescription drug costs - expand Medicare to cover dental, vision, and hearing - expand home health care - make child care affordable - lead the world in the fight against climate change Let's get it done.There's a big disconnect between the corporate media and working people. Across America, people work 50-60 hours a week, can't afford child care, have no health care, and they turn on the TV and the media says 'everything is great!' because corporations are making record profits.Look, the Republican Party has already been bought and paid for they are not going to do anything to help working people. We know this. But I hope very much and I expect that the Democratic caucus will stand firm and will fight for the working class of this country.Now is the time FINALLY for Congress to have the guts to stand up for the working families and finally have the courage to take on the big money interests and wealthy campaign contributors who have so much power over the economic and political life of our country.Covid-19 has now killed more than 700,000 people in the United States a shocking death toll. Please get vaccinated. It will save your life. Do it for your loved ones and your neighbors. We can beat this pandemic, but we can only do it together.What if and stick with me for a minute, because this is a pretty far out concept to some of my Republican colleagues in Washington what if we built a government that delivered for working class people, and not just corporations and the billionaire class?Republicans just L-O-V-E-D reconciliation when it was used to give some $2 trillion in tax breaks for billionaires that was fine! But now that we want to use reconciliation to address the long-neglected needs of working people, SUDDENLY, the sky is falling! Give me a break.Let me let you all in on a little secret. You ready? The federal government is capable of standing up to powerful special interests and fighting for the needs of working class people. The billionaire class does not want it to happen. TOO BAD. We're going to get it done.Let me be as clear as I can be. The budget reconciliation bill is PAID FOR. How will that happen? We will finally end the days of tax loopholes and evasions by the billionaire class of this country. Yes, they will finally pay their fair share of taxes.What 95% of the Democratic caucus wants and more importantly, what the American people want, is TWO pieces of legislation which yes, will not only rebuild our physical infrastructure, but will finally invest in the long-neglected needs of our country's working class. Let's do it.Now is the time, finally, for Congress to stand up for working families and have the courage to take on the big money interests and wealthy campaign contributors who have so much power over the economic and political life of our country.When the planet gets hotter, with unprecedented forest fires, drought, floods, extreme weather, and acidification of the oceans, when scientists tell us that we only have a few years to avoid irreparable harm to our planet, should we really continue to ignore this global crisis?Should we continue to have 600,000 Americans remain homeless, or should we finally begin building the millions of units of low income and affordable housing that we need?Should we, as an aging society, force older and disabled Americans into expensive nursing home care or should we expand home health care and allow them the opportunity to stay in their own homes?Should we continue being the only major country on earth not to guarantee paid family and medical leave?Should we continue a situation where many millions of seniors are unable to afford to go to a dentist to get treatment for their rotting teeth, or buy the hearing aids and eye glasses they need or should we expand Medicare to cover those basic health care needs?Should we continue allowing the pharmaceutical industry to charge us, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs?Should we deny low and moderate income young people the opportunity to get the higher education and job skills they need by making community colleges tuition-free?Should we continue to ignore the dysfunctionality of our child care system which forces millions of working families to spend 20-30% of their limited incomes on childcare and keeps over a million women out of the workforce?Should we end the $300 direct payments to working class parents which have cut childhood poverty in our country by half?For whatever reason, there are pundits out there who say we should compromise even more and cut back on addressing the long-neglected problems facing working families as well as climate change. REALLY? Please tell me where we should cut.Noinfrastructure bill should pass without a $3.5 trillion reconciliation bill. That is the agreement that was made & that is the agreement that must be kept. Physical infrastructure is important, but the needs of working families & combatting climate change is more important.Aging in America ought to mean aging with dignity. And right now, aging with dignity is very, very difficult for far too many of our elderly people. Let us realize the original goal and vision of Medicare and expand it to include dental, vision, and hearing care.18 million people in this country have reported being unable to fill a prescription because they couldn't afford the cost. Please do not tell me we do not need to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and dramatically lower the cost of prescription drugs.According to recent polls: - 84% of voters want to expand Medicare to include dental, vision, & hearing - 73% want Medicare to negotiate RX drug costs - 68% want the wealthy to pay their fair share of taxes It just so happens that good policy is good politics. Let's get it done.The ruling class in this country is very, very religious. Their religion is greed. And they are prepared to destroy the planet to make a few more dollars. The good news is this: if we stand together in solidarity around a progressive agenda for working people, we can win.If we were to judge a nation simply by how many millionaires and billionaires it's got, America would be number one no question but a great nation is judged by how well it treats its weakest and most vulnerable. We must fight to become a nation of compassion and solidarity.Under our reconciliation bill, seniors would pay lower prices for prescriptions while receiving hearing, vision and dental care, AND we lower prescription drug costs for all Americans. It's insane that we have to fight for these obvious steps. But here we are. And fight we must.The Republican Party, who added $7.8 TRILLION to the national debt under President Trump, wants you all to believe they are very, VERY serious about the national debt now that we are going to be taxing the wealthy to help the working class of this country.It should not be a luxury in the richest country on the planet to get paid time off to spend with your newborn baby.Pop quiz. Just a few years ago, how many Republicans objected to spending trillions of dollars on tax breaks for billionaires and corporations? ZERO. Today, how many Republicans object to spending trillions to benefit the working class of this country? ALL OF'EM. Pathetic.In the midst of massive labor shortages in many parts of the country, creating a strong childcare system is truly a no-brainer. Let's finally make child care affordable in this country. Let's finally make pre-K for 3- and 4-year-olds free. Let's finally invest in the children.Adding dental, vision and hearing benefits to Medicare is supported by 84% of the American people. It is supported by 89% of Democrats. It is supported by 79% of Republicans. This is what the American people want. This is what we must deliver to them.To my mind, it is a bit embarrassing that our great country is the only major country on the planet not to guarantee paid family and medical leave. Let us pass the reconciliation bill and finally put an end to that international embarrassment once and for all.In America, elderly people should not be walking around without teeth in their mouth and not be able to afford to go to a dentist.Should we tell young people of this country, 'sorry, taking on the crisis of climate change just isn't that important'? Should we tell working families, 'sorry, we're not going to make child care affordable'?  $3.5 trillion IS the compromise. Let's get this done.Why is it that the people of Canada can purchase a vial of insulin for around $12, while just 2 miles away in Detroit, Americans are charged $98.70? I'll tell you why because we are the only major country which does not negotiate drug prices. Those days are coming to an end.There are many Americans who have lost faith in their government's ability to pay attention to their needs and their everyday struggle just to get by. Are we going to prove their disillusionment right? Or are we going to have the guts to invest in them after decades of neglect?It is no great secret that in America, it is not the United States Congress that regulates the pharmaceutical industry. It is the pharmaceutical industry that controls the United States Congress.Every day in America, people go to their doctor because they are sick. They get a diagnosis from their doctor. But they can't afford to pay for the prescriptions they need to get well. Then they get even sicker. Does that make any sense to anyone?I am a little tired of a system which allows 39 profitable Fortune 500 companies to pay ZERO income taxes from 2018 until 2020. We're going to put an end to that absurdity. We're going to make them pay their fair share.I do not think we should be satisfied with a system that sees 1 out of 4 Americans unable to afford the medications that their doctor prescribes.Some of the wealthiest people in this country, in a given year, do not pay a nickel in income tax. Does anyone think that is vaguely sane?How much is "too much" when you're talking about saving the planet? How much is "too much" when you're talking about allowing our seniors to age with dignity? How much is "too much" when you're talking about making child care affordable? We must get our priorities straight.No one in the United States should have to ration their medicine because they can't afford their prescriptions.Earlier this year, some Republicans claimed the GOP was now "the party of the working class." Now, there is not one Republican willing to stand up to the drug companies, the fossil fuel industry, the health insurance companies, or to the billionaire class. How pathetic is that?The overwhelming majority of Americans want their government to finally stand up FOR THEM. Not for the drug companies. Not for the health insurance companies. Not for the fossil fuel industry. This is what we are trying to do. It's an enormous fight. We're going to win it.The pharmaceutical industry right now is spending millions and millions of dollars trying to make sure that YOU continue to pay 10 times more for your prescription drugs than do the people of other major countries. Does that sound acceptable to you?When we pass the reconciliation bill, we will: - lower RX drug prices - provide paid family leave to every worker - dramatically lower the cost of child care - finally lead the world in the fight against climate change We cannot let powerful special interests stand in our way.Whether we are successful in our efforts to deliver a government which works for the working class and not the wealthy few depends upon our ability to stand together. Our power is in our solidarity.I believe in the radical idea that government should deliver for the interests of the people, not the wealthy elite and corporations.Exactly right.Canada goes to the polls Monday.  There's one party that stood up for working people in the pandemic.  One leader who has the courage to make the wealthy pay their fair share so everyone gets the medication they need.  That's why I support the @NDP and @theJagmeetSingh.How much is too much to spend when we're talking about saving the planet? Honestly, in 50 years, if the planet goes down, are my colleagues really going to be saying "Gee whiz I'm glad we didn't spend too much." Give me a break.Why has Big Pharma spent over $4.5 BILLION lobbying Congress through the years? So that they can continue charging the American people outrageous prices for the medicine they need. I've got news for the pharmaceutical industry: your greed is coming to an end.With our budget reconciliation bill, we are taking on the pharmaceutical industry. We are taking on the health care industry. We are taking on the fossil fuel industry. We are taking on the entire ruling class. If we have the courage to stand up and fight, we can defeat them.It is absurd that we have people in this country who every day must choose between being able to afford the medicines they need to stay alive and being able to afford their groceries. It is no exaggeration to say the greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing people.Maybe I am a little bit of a radical, but I happen to think that in the richest country on the face of the planet, people should not have to be cutting their pills in half or rationing their insulin.97% of Democrats, 80% of Independents and 61% of Republicans want Medicare to negotiate with the pharma companies to lower prescription drug prices. Our opponents are not only dead wrong on this policy, they are also way out of touch with what the American people are demanding.Let me ask you a question. Are you satisfied with a system that allows the pharmaceutical industry to charge you $98 for the same vial of insulin that the Canadian people get for about $12?For years, the story has gone like this: the pharmaceutical industry spends billions lobbying Congress to do nothing to lower prescription drug prices, they get their way. And so the American people continue to pay the highest drug prices in the world. Time to end their greed.The business model of the pharmaceutical industry is fraud. Their greed is literally killing Americans. They have spent billions buying politicians & several of their executives became billionaires during the pandemic. Their days of calling the shots in DC must come to an end.Trump claimed the day before the recall election that "it all doesn't matter because the California Election is totally rigged." That's what demagogues say when they can't win elections and want to undermine democracy.The pharmaceutical industry has spent more than $4.5 billion on lobbying and campaign contributions over the past 20 years. That's why we pay the highest prices on earth for prescription drugs. Enough is enough. Democrats must have the courage to defeat their greed.A recent poll found 61% of all voters support our legislation to finally meet the needs of the working class. And importantly, 60% of voters know what you and I know to be true it's time for the wealthy and large corporations to pay their fair share. Let's get it done.The pandemic has brought enormous harm into the lives of millions of working people. But for the billionaire class, it has been a windfall, their wealth skyrocketing by $1.8 TRILLION. The time is now to tax the billionaires and invest in the working class of this country.At a time when the wealth of the richest 0.00001% of this country is at its highest level since that of the Gilded Age, YES, it is time the billionaire class pay their fair share of taxes.We are going to deal with our physical infrastructure. We are going to deliver for the needs of working families. Let's create the jobs. Let's expand Medicare. Let's lead the world in the fight against climate change. That's what we've got to do.The attempted recall of Gov. Newsom is a bold-faced GOP power grab. If we have any hope of addressing climate change, guaranteeing health care to all, and passing real immigration reform, it cannot succeed. California: return your ballot or vote 'NO' in-person by tomorrow, 9/14.YES. We can rebuild our physical infrastructure.  YES. We can do the reconciliation bill, create millions of good jobs, and finally tell the American people that we are going to stand up for working families. Not just the rich and the powerful.  We can and we must do both.What polling tells us is people all over this country understand that now is the time for Congress to address the long-neglected problems facing working families. Now is the time to have the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share. Can we do this? Absolutely.We have worked very hard to develop legislation which finally meets the long-neglected needs of the working class. $3.5 trillion is already the compromise we must pass the infrastructure bill and the reconciliation bill in tandem.We are not going to build bridges just so our people can live under them. No infrastructure bill without the $3.5 trillion reconciliation bill.We pause today to remember the thousands of lives lost on September 11, 2001, and honor the bravery of the first responders who put their lives at risk to save others.The absolute last thing we need at this unprecedented moment in American history is some right-wing Republican governor in California trying to impede the president's agenda. CALIFORNIA: don't let it happen. Return your ballot or vote 'NO' in-person by September 14th.I want what the American people want a government that works for all of us, not just the wealthy elite. And that starts by passing the Budget Reconciliation Bill in full, not in part.Republicans in Congress L-O-V-E-D reconciliation when it was used to give tax breaks to billionaires, and to cut taxes for very large corporations now we want to use that same process to help the working class, and how many Republicans intend to support it? Z-E-R-O. Pathetic.Let me help my Republican colleagues understand who it is that we're going to be raising taxes for under our reconciliation bill. billionaires large corporations working families earning less than $400,000 a yearThe COVID pandemic has claimed over 653,000 American lives, and hospitals in many parts of the country are now filled to capacity especially with those who have not been vaccinated.  For the safety of yourself and of your loved ones, please, get vaccinated.Every powerful special interest and their lobbyists are flooding Capitol Hill to try to defeat the most consequential legislation for working people since the Great Depression. But if we stand together, we're going to defeat them and deliver for the working class.If we do not move aggressively to combat climate change and if we allow the planet to become increasingly unlivable, we will be showing absolute contempt for our younger generation. It would be grossly immoral to turn our backs on our kids and grandchildren. We must act now.We have a choice to make. We can listen to the climate deniers and not worry about the impact of climate change and turn our backs on our kids and grandkids. Or we can listen to the scientists who tell us that we must act boldly and aggressively to prevent a climate catastrophe.Now is the time to enact the most consequential legislation for the working class of this country since the days of Franklin Delano Roosevelt and the New Deal.  Now is the time for working class solidarity. Now is the time to finally build a government which works for all of us.Now is the time for legislation which says yes, it is absurd that the United States is the only major country not to guarantee workers some form of paid family and medical leave we must end that absurdity and guarantee paid leave to workers.To me, that level of inequality is morally unconscionable.  Now is the time for legislation that says yes, in the richest country on the face of the planet, seniors must be able to age with dignity we must expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, dental care, and eyeglasses.Is it acceptable to you that while 2 people own more wealth than the bottom 40% in this country, half our people live paycheck to paycheck, seniors are unable to hear or to see the world around them, and new moms are guaranteed ZERO paid days to spend with their baby?This is what oligarchy is all about. The billionaire class and large corporations are working overtime to defeat the Reconciliation Bill, the most significant legislation for working people since the New Deal. Their greed has no end. This is why we need a political revolution.Major countries that guarantee some form of paid leave for workers:  Major countries that will finally guarantee paid leave for workers when we pass our Budget Reconciliation Legislation:Thanks to the labor movement, workers have weekends, 8-hour workdays, paid overtime, a minimum wage, breaks during work, the right to strike, workplace safety standards, and child labor laws. This #LaborDay, we must recommit to growing the union movement in this country.Today in America: - the two richest people own more wealth than the bottom 40% - the top 1% owns more wealth than the bottom 92% - 45% of all new income has gone to the top 1% since 2009  Is that the kind of economy any working person ought to be satisfied with?The fossil fuel industry is spending millions to defeat the reconciliation bill and the provisions in it which will transform our energy system. They must not be allowed to succeed.The future of the planet is more important than their greed and profiteering.The rich are getting much richer. Theyre off buying spaceships and zooming around space. Yes, we are going to make them pay their fair share. No apologies to be made.People understand that at a time of horrific income and wealth inequality, when half our people live paycheck to paycheck, that the wealthiest people must pay their fair share of taxes, and that we should use that new revenue to improve life for middle class and working families.How on earth can we continue to ignore the destructive forces of climate change?In 2020, 1 in 10 in-person early voters in Harris County, Texas used drive-thru voting to cast their ballot making it significantly easier to participate in our democracy. Republicans in Texas just banned that practice.  Unacceptable. We must pass the For The People Act.Republicans go on and on, "Ohhh, Bernie and the Democrats are gonna raise taxes!" You know what? Yeah. You're right. At a time when billionaires in this country dont pay a nickel in federal income tax in a given year we are going to raise taxes on the billionaire class.How does this sit with you? In America today, you've got 30 laws already enacted in 18 states which restrict access to the vote. Got that? On top of that, more than 400 bills restricting voting access have been introduced in 49 states.  Our job now: pass the For The People Act.Here is the situation. Right-wing state legislatures in states all over the country are working overtime to roll back voting rights, to prevent people of color, the poor and working class from being able to vote, all to subvert the very notion of democracy. We must fight back.Terrorism has been, and remains, a very serious issue. But, in fighting terrorism, we must be smart & not make a bad situation worse. According to a recent report, our 20 year war on terror has killed over 900,000 people and cost $8 trillion. That's not smart. We must do better.I know these are troubling times. Never, ever lose your sense of outrage. But you must also never give up the hope that through struggle and through solidarity, we can win a better world.A recent poll found over 60 percent of people making under $50,000 a year support our reconciliation bill. Why? Because whether you are a working class Republican, Democrat, or Independent, at the end of the day, you want the federal government to finally respond to your needs.The special interests right now are flooding Capitol Hill trying to defeat us. The drug companies are trying to defeat us. The fossil fuel industry is trying to defeat us. The billionaire class is trying to defeat us. If we stand together, and fight we're going to win.You do not need a crystal ball to know our future if we continue our inaction on climate change. Our future will include more floods. More wildfires. More heatwaves. More extreme weather occurrences. And for what? The short-term profits of the fossil fuel industry. ENOUGH.It is absolutely imperative that we end the obscenity of some of the wealthiest people in this country and the largest corporations, in a given year, not paying a nickel in federal income taxes.We had over 2300 people join us Friday night in Indiana to discuss how our Budget Reconciliation Legislation will create millions of good-paying jobs and address issues in this country that have been ignored for far too long. Watch the discussion now:The immense devastation caused in Louisiana and in Mississippi by Hurricane Ida will become our new normal unless we get our act together and take bold action to combat climate change NOW.Thank you to the over 700 people who joined us in Cedar Rapids to discuss the need to boldly address the many crises facing working families today. If we stand together, we can not only solve the issues we face, but we can also move this country forward in the fight for justice.NOW is the time for Congress to have the courage to stand up to the powerful big money special interests that have such enormous power over the economic and political life of our country. Join our town hall LIVE in Iowa.I am traveling to Cedar Rapids today to speak with voters about the most significant piece of legislation to benefit working families since the New Deal and the Great Depression. I hope you can join us today for this crucial discussion. RSVP:"This was the first time I had any type of government invest into me."  After receiving the pandemic unemployment assistance as part of the American Rescue Plan, Cody and his kids were able to live with dignity. Yes, our government can and must work for all.Sadly, I know there are many Republicans in Congress who believe that climate change isn't real, and believe that we shouldn't do anything to address it.  Let me be clear: doing nothing on climate change is not an option. We must lead the way in the fight against climate change.Our Budget Reconciliation Bill likely won't get ONE GOP vote the same Republicans who voted for massive tax breaks for billionaires & voted to throw over 30 million people off the health care they have, will not provide any help to improve life for working families. Pathetic.If we disagree on the issues, that's fine get up, make your case, win the votes! But do not be cowardly and try to prevent people from voting just because they're going to vote against you. YES we must pass the For The People Act and make it easier to vote in this country.Im LIVE in Detroit with @RashidaTlaib, @DebDingell and @Andy_Levin talking about why now is the time to invest in the working class of this country.  WATCH:Go into your communities, find out what the problems are, and organize. The rich continue to get richer while so many working families are struggling. We must educate, organize, and get people to stand up for their rights."Investing in human infrastructure is one of our most valuable assets to aid Hoosiers and other Americans rebuild after the pandemic. We have to stop thinking about the world we once had, and start thinking about the world we're leaving our kids." - Mary, a single mom in Indiana"It's clear that as inequality grows, climate change will only deepen the injustices that we already face. We must solve the environmental crisis and the crisis of inequality at the same time." - Adrian, a student at Purdue University"After receiving support from the American Rescue Plan, I felt a sense of hope, and it echoed through my children and the people around me. Our government finally invested in me." - Cody, a dad living in IndianaUnder reconciliation, we will lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels, make our homes and buildings more energy efficient, make agriculture greener, and we will establish a Civilian Climate Corps, providing good wages and benefits for young people.In our country today, we pay far more per capita for prescription drugs than any other major country on Earth. What our Budget Reconciliation Legislation does is tell the pharmaceutical industry: yeah, we're going to end your greed.Thank you to the more than 2,300 people who joined me tonight in Indiana to talk about the desperate need to invest in the working people of this country. If we stand together, we can build a new future based on justice.I'm LIVE in Indiana to talk about how we are finally going to address the long-neglected needs of working families, the elderly, the sick and the most vulnerable among us.Today, I am hitting the road to speak directly with the people of Indiana about the need of our government to finally invest in the long-neglected needs of the working class. I very much look forward to speaking with them. Join us today:I've said it before and I'll say it again: It is time for the Congress to finally have the guts to stand up to the wealthy and special interests, and restore the people's faith in the idea that our government can work for all of us.Join our town hall in West Lafayette, Indiana tomorrow, August 27:  Join our town hall in Cedar Rapids, Iowa on Sunday, August 29:I understand that budget chairpersons, historically, have done their work within the Beltway in D.C.  I think really, the function of a budget chairman is to get out among the people.  I very much look forward to speaking to working families in Indiana and Iowa this weekend.Congress just took a HUGE step toward enacting the most consequential legislation for working people since the New Deal. A lot of work is left, but we are on track to meet the long-neglected needs of the working class and combat the threat of climate change. Lets get it done.We must end the absurdity that sees dozens of major corporations not paying a nickel in federal income taxes.We're going to tax the wealth of these billionaires, and with the Budget Reconciliation Legislation, we are finally going to invest in the needs of the working class of this country.  Trust me, I wrote the damn bill.We must restore the faith of the American people in their government. That we see their pain and we respond to that pain. That we have the courage to take on powerful special interests.  This is a pivotal moment in American history. We must meet this moment with bold action.In a compassionate, democratic society we can have a government that works for all of us, and not just the wealthy few and powerful campaign contributors. That's what I believe. We are in this together. Let us go forward and get this done.Tell me, why is the GOP, the so-called "party of the working class," so comfortable in voting for tax breaks for the ultra-rich, but when it comes to legislation which addresses the long-neglected needs of the poor and working class of this country, they are nowhere to be found?After 20 years of war, 2,448 American lives lost and over $1T spent, President Biden made the courageous decision to reject Washingtons failed interventionist consensus and end the Afghanistan war. Now we must do everything we can to support evacuations and welcome refugees.The Rev. Jesse Jackson has been one of the great leaders of our time in the fight for racial, social and economic justice. He and his wife, Jacqueline, have been hospitalized with COVID-19. Jane and I and all Americans wish them a full and speedy recovery.Other major countries guarantee, on average, 20 weeks of paid time off for new moms. In the U.S., new moms are guaranteed Z-E-R-O days of paid leave to spend with their baby. With our Budget Reconciliation Legislation, we are going to end that international embarrassment.The top 1% of Americans currently hold 15x MORE wealth than the bottom 50% combined. The reality is that the economy is working very well for the super-rich, without meeting the needs of ordinary Americans.  We must turn that around. Our economy can and must work for all of us.When you're a billionaire and the pandemic has treated you pretty well, making you billions of dollars richer, I suppose "I'm going to float around in outer space," sounds like a great idea. I happen to think making billionaires finally pay their fair share is a better idea.I hope you'll join me as I host town halls in Indiana and in Iowa to speak directly with working class voters about the need of our government to invest in the people.  Join us in Indiana:  Join us in Iowa:While it will have no Republican support in Washington, Democrats, Independents and working class Republicans all over the country support our plan to finally invest in the long-neglected needs of working families. I very much look forward to hearing from some of them next week.Within the next several months Congress will be voting on the most consequential piece of legislation for working people, the elderly, the children, the sick and the poor since Franklin Delano Roosevelt and the New Deal of the 1930s.A rigged economy looks like CEO pay going up by 52.6% since 2009 while nearly half of all American workers cannot afford to rent a 1-bedroom apartment anywhere in this country.  It's time for our economy to work for all of us, not just the wealthy few.I stand in solidarity with @BCTGM workers in Oregon, Colorado, and Virginia who are on strike for a fair contract and for decent working conditions. If Nabisco can rake in billions of dollars in corporate profits, they can afford to treat their workers with dignity and respect.With our budget reconciliation legislation, we will make the largest investment in America's working families in decades. It means finally guaranteeing paid family & medical leave. It means free, universal pre-K. It means finally making child care affordable. Let's get it done.A government which responds to the needs of its people and not just the interests of corporations is what we must demand in this moment if we are to restore the American people's faith in our democracy.Direct payments as a result of the expanded Child Tax Credit are now in month two. In that time: - child poverty has been cut in HALF - we have seen a significant decrease in child hunger Our job now: extend the expanded Child Tax Credit. Let's get it done.July was the hottest month in recorded history. I will say that again we just experienced the hottest month EVER in the history of the planet.  I do not want future generations to look back on this moment and ask why we did not do all we could to address climate change.Since the start of the pandemic, billionaires in this country have gotten some $1.8 trillion richer, while half our people live paycheck to paycheck.  Please do not tell me that the billionaires of this country cannot afford to finally pay their fair share of taxes.I find it interesting that for my Republican colleagues, when it comes to tax breaks for the rich and corporations that's okay. But when you demand that we invest in the working families of this country, well, suddenly the sky is falling! I am a little tired of that hypocrisy.CEO pay between 1978-2020: Up 1,322% Worker pay between 1978-2020: FLAT That's the kind of greed and inequality we have got to end.After Trump's so-called "big, beautiful" tax cut, 82 ultra-wealthy households saved more than $1 BILLION on their tax bills. Absurd. It's time we make sure our economy works for the working people of this country, not just a handful of people at the top.California is burning. Oregon is burning. Greece is burning. There is historic drought hitting virtually every country on the planet. NEWSFLASH! Climate change is real! And yeah, the United States has got to get its act together and lead on addressing the climate crisis.In the face of so much devastation being wrought by decades of inaction, we cannot sit by and do nothing. When the Civilian Climate Corps is created, we will mobilize young people who care so deeply about the future of this planet to combat climate change.Some of my Republican colleagues still refuse to accept that climate change is real. I refuse to accept that this is the planet we are going to leave our kids and our grandkids. We must take bold action NOW to combat climate change, and thats exactly what we are going to do.The most important investment we can make is in the children of this country. That is exactly why we are going to make free pre-K for all working families a reality. That is exactly why we are going to finally join every other major country and guarantee paid family leave.Let us end the days of 2 people in this country owning more wealth than the bottom 40% of our people combined.CEO pay has exploded by 52.6% since 2009. Meanwhile, the federal minimum wage: 2009: $7.25 2010: $7.25 2011: $7.25 2012: $7.25 2013: $7.25 2014: $7.25 2015: $7.25 2016: $7.25 2017: $7.25 2018: $7.25 2019: $7.25 2020: $7.25 2021: $7.25 Yeah, it's time to raise the minimum wage.I've heard a lot from the punditry as to why Nina Turner lost her race in Ohio.Well, maybe it had something to do with drug companies, Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry spending millions trying to defeat her. Is that the kind of Democratic Party we want?I don't think so.Shock of shocks! A health care system which prioritizes the profits of health insurance companies and pharmaceutical manufacturers over the health of its people is ranked dead last among other major countries! We need Medicare for All.Today marks 56 years since the passage of the Voting Rights Act. And today, there are nearly 400 bills in legislatures in nearly all 50 states aimed at suppressing the right to vote. We must make it easier, not harder to vote in this country. We must pass the For the People Act.In America today, working class people pay, on average, a tax rate that is 24x higher than that of Jeff Bezos, one of the richest guys on the entire planet.  Maybe, just maybe it's time for the billionaire class to pay their fair share of taxes.I want you to imagine an America in which every working family is guaranteed free pre-K education for their kids.Women should not have to go back to work days after giving birth. We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country on Earth not to guarantee paid leave for workers.  With our budget reconciliation legislation, that's exactly what we're going to do.81% of Democrats, 66% of Independents, and 57% of Republicans all agree with what you and I know to be true it's time to tax the ultra-rich in this country.We are living in an unprecedented moment. Now is the time for unprecedented action.Let me tell you. People are sick and tired of seeing day after day, the rich getting richer while everyone else struggles just to keep their heads above water. People want action. And that's exactly what we're going to give them with this budget reconciliation legislation.For decades, Congress has paid a whole lot of attention to the rich and the powerful and to campaign contributors while ignoring the needs of the working class of this country.  Those days are over.Here's how our economic system works today. The rich get richer while half our people live paycheck to paycheck. Outrageous!  Yeah, we are going to raise taxes on the wealthiest people in this country. And yeah, we are finally going to make sure our economy works for all of us.I know @ninaturner. I've known her for years. She is, without a doubt, one of the strongest fighters for justice that I have ever met in my life. We need her in Congress.  Polls are open now until 7:30 pm Ohio, get out and VOTE!I am once again asking you to get vaccinated.The people need @ninaturner in Congress. I urge the voters of Ohio's 11th District to elect her this Tuesday, August 3rd.A rigged economy is billionaires not paying a nickel in income tax while we've got half our people living paycheck to paycheck and hundreds of thousands sleeping out on the streets.  We are going to end that absurdity and finally make the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes."Our people-centered agenda has some people very afraid. Why are big-money special interest groups spending all of this money? They like the way things are now." - @ninaturner"I will wake up every day fighting to create Medicare for All so that health care is finally a right and not privilege in the United States of America." - @ninaturner"Addressing the material conditions and lifting people so that they don't just fall behind, but so that they can get ahead that's what this campaign is about." - @ninaturnerIf you want somebody who's not going to be just another member of Congress, but someone who has the guts to speak out on the important issues, and fight for working people, I urge you to elect @ninaturner to represent Ohio's 11th District.Why are the drug companies, the insurance companies, the fossil fuel industry, Wall Street, and people who supported Donald Trump spending millions of dollars to try to defeat @ninaturner? They know that when she is elected that she will take them on in the fight for justice..@ninaturner will stand with me in saying that today, we have got to expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, dental care, and eyeglasses. And Nina knows we have got to go further and guarantee health care to all through a Medicare for All, single-payer program..@ninaturner will stand with me and say that in the richest country on earth, we will not be the only major nation not to guarantee paid family and medical leave.I need @ninaturner in Washington with me to make certain that not only do we pass a strong physical infrastructure bill, but that we pass an even more important human infrastructure bill.This is what policy is about. As a result of one bill passed by one vote at 5 in the morning, tens of millions of working families are receiving direct payments of $300 per child, and it is radically transforming lives all across the country.All over this country, people are beginning to stand up and are realizing that while they are working for $10 or $12 an hour, billionaires are not paying a nickel in income tax. That ain't right.Nina is one of the smartest and hardest-working people that I know. The real reason I am in Cleveland today is that we desperately need @ninaturner in the U.S. Congress."This is about morality, spirituality, integrity, generosity, courage, vision who's willing to serve everyday people? @ninaturner." - Dr. @CornelWest on what this race is about"YOU have the ability to get one more person and to invite them into the democratic process." - @keithellison lays out how our grassroots movement can bring @ninaturner to Congress"We deserve somebody who has the guts, the vision, and the courage to stand up and to demand" a Green New Deal, to cancel student debt - @keithellison on why we need @ninaturner in CongressWhy are Wall Street, the fossil fuel industry, and powerful special special interests so invested in defeating @ninaturner? Because they know she's got the guts to take them on in the halls of Congress.  Join us live as we rally in Cleveland, Ohio.Can't join us in-person today in Cleveland? Join us online atTODAY: Join me, @keithellison, and @CornelWest in Cleveland as we rally to get out the vote for @ninaturner in Tuesday's critical special election.  Details:It's totally absurd to me that working parents are paying 1/3 of their income in child care costs.  We will address the crisis in child care by fighting to make sure that no working family pays more than 7% of their income on this basic need.I hope you will join me, @CoriBush, @keithellison, and @CornelWest this Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio as we get out the vote for @ninaturner ahead of this crucial special election. RSVP:July 2015: hottest July on record July 2016: hottest July on record July 2017: hottest July on record July 2018: hottest July on record July 2019: hottest July on record June 2021: hottest June on record  Yeah. It's time we got our act together and took bold action on climate.On August 3rd, Seattle has the chance to elect some transformational candidates to local office.  Im proud to join my friend @PramilaJayapal in endorsing @MLorenaGonzalez for Mayor, @TeresaCMosqueda for City Council, and @HasegawaForPort and @hamdiforport for Port Commissioner.For too long, government has worked phenomenally well for the 1% and corporate lobbyists I happen to think now is the time that government worked for the rest of us.Major countries that guarantee new parents some form of paid leave:  Major countries that will finally guarantee paid leave for new parents when we pass our reconciliation bill:In just the last month's time: - temperatures of 121 in British Columbia - wildfires burning across the United States - deadly flooding in China and in Europe - drought throughout more than 95% of the American West But bold action on climate is 'extreme'? Give me a break.This is the "new" Republican Party: cult-like support of Trump; big lies and conspiracy theories; voter suppression and rejection of COVID and climate science.For the sake of democracy, human health and the future of our planet, they must be defeated.Look around the globe. The climate crisis is wreaking havoc day after day, in city after city. We need nothing less than radical action on climate, and we need it now.What would it mean for you and your family if we took on the pharmaceutical industry's greed and dramatically lowered the cost of prescription drugs in this country?Can you imagine in this country if we had free pre-K for every working class family? Imagine that! A government actually responding to the needs of its people. That is the reality we are trying to build with this budget reconciliation bill.The American people should not be made to pay the highest prices on the planet for prescription drugs.I do not think I am making a radical statement when I say that it's working class Americans, not billionaires who pay zero in federal income taxes, who need the help of their government. That's what I'm focused on.How do you feed your family, how do you pay to see a doctor, when you're spending, 40, 50, 60% of your income on housing? You don't! With the passage of this historic budget reconciliation bill, we can build the affordable housing that our country desperately needs.The billionaires and enormous corporations cannot continue to have it all.The Republicans are very, very nervous, and I'll tell you why that is. On virtually every proposal from providing paid medical leave, to making child care in this country affordable, to making community college tuition-free we have widespread support from the American people.Jeff Bezos is using his time to go out and zoom around outer space. Good for him. Poll after poll shows the American people want him to pay his fair share of taxes back here on Earth.  Let's get it done.Why is it considered radical that we should significantly invest in the needs of the working class of this country? I'll tell you why because for decades, the needs of working people have been ignored to placate the wants of the top 1%. Those days are going to end.The richest guys in the world are off in space. They're not particularly worried about Earth anymore. The days of them not paying a nickel in federal income taxes are going to end, and we will finally invest in the long-neglected needs of America's working families.Maybe there's a problem with an economic system which sees a handful of billionaires grow their wealth massively during a pandemic, and zoom around space in rocket ships, while millions of people struggle to keep a roof over their heads in the richest country on Earth.Please send a short video response to videos@berniesanders.com and we may feature your story in an upcoming video!As part of the historic expansion of the Child Tax Credit, working families across the country are NOW receiving their first monthly direct payment of up to $300 per child. This is no small thing. How are payments helping you and your family?Here is what the modern Republican Party is all about: cult-like devotion to Trump, big lies and conspiracy theories, voter suppression, climate denial and anti-science vaccine rejection.For the sake of our kids and future generations, they cannot be allowed to prevail.For decades, new parents in the United States have been guaranteed ZERO days of paid leave to spend time with their new baby. Unacceptable. With the passage of our budget reconciliation bill, we can end that international embarrassment and guarantee paid leave.The next time you hear Republicans start to talk about 'family values' this or 'party of the working class' that, remember: every single Republican in the House and the Senate voted AGAINST giving working families direct monthly payments of up to $300 per child.In a moral society, what does it mean to live in dignity? Does it mean that despite being the richest country on earth, having an enormously high rate of child poverty, or guaranteeing zero days of paid leave for new moms, or a disastrous child care system?As cities around the world experience 100-year floods every year, as the Pacific Northwest is inundated with wildfires, and as heatwaves around the world burn and suffocate wildlife I ask again how is bold action on climate considered radical, and this new normal is not?At a time of massive wealth and income inequality and when half our people are living paycheck to paycheck, what the reconciliation bill will finally do is address the needs of our working families by asking the wealthy and large corporations to pay their fair share of taxes.This budget reconciliation bill is the most consequential piece of legislation since the 1930s.Tomorrow, the expanded Child Tax Credit will begin providing monthly direct payments of up to $300 per child to working families in every state across this country. And with these direct payments, we will begin to cut childhood poverty by more than half. That is no small thing.The debate is over. There is no doubt that the climate crisis is happening now. The choice before us: how will we respond when the very future of our planet is at stake?For years and years, Republicans have told us that if we just cut taxes for the wealthy and corporations, working people will share in the prosperity. Wrong.  Trickle-down economics is a fraud. It's time for corporations to finally pay their fair share in taxes.Seniors should be able to grow old in the United States and be able to hear the world around them, clearly see their loved ones, and keep teeth in their mouths. That is not a radical statement. We must expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, vision, and dental care.For decades, we have ignored the threat of climate change, a crumbling infrastructure, a disastrous child care system, a massive need for affordable housing, that we are the only major country not to guarantee paid medical leave. Our budget must meet the needs of this moment.When government priorities have focused almost exclusively on the wants of corporations and billionaires for decades, I suppose it can seem a little radical to focus on the needs of the working class for a change. I happen to think government should work for all of us.In case anyone forgot, we have been going through a global pandemic filled with enormous loss. Does anyone seriously doubt the fact that there is tremendous pain and suffering all throughout this country?  We can and we must provide real relief to working people.Here on Earth, in the richest country on the planet, half our people live paycheck to paycheck, people are struggling to feed themselves, struggling to see a doctor but hey, the richest guys in the world are off in outer space!  Yes. It's time to tax the billionaires.It is not radical to suggest that seniors in the richest country in the history of the planet should be able to afford to keep teeth in their mouths.Have you ever had to choose between buying groceries or paying for a prescription?I stand in solidarity with @SEIU73 and 2,500+ Cook County workers custodians, technicians, & clerks who are on strike for a new contract. It's outrageous that Cook County received $1 billion from the American Rescue Plan but still refuses to negotiate a fair deal for workers.If we do not act boldly and radically to combat the climate crisis, and significantly invest in transforming our energy systems now, future generations will never forgive us.It is totally absurd that anyone in this country should have to ration their insulin. We have got to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and drastically lower the cost of prescription drugs.Look around.The upcoming congressional election in Ohio has everything to do with the future of the Democratic Party.Will Democrats stand with the working class and have the courage to take on wealthy special interests?I know that @ninaturner will, which is why I strongly support her.What I and my colleagues are trying to do is to address the needs of America's working families not billionaires and corporations. Republicans know thats a popular agenda, and that's exactly why they are trying to stop us.In just one week, 39 MILLION households will begin receiving direct monthly payments as a result of the expanded Child Tax Credit in the American Rescue Plan. And you know what? Not a single Republican voted for it. Yes, they are the party of family values. No doubt about it.New parents in Sweden are guaranteed: - 480 days of paid leave - 80% of normal wages during that time New parents in the U.S. are guaranteed: - 0 days of paid leave - $0 of your wages during any time off How does that make sense in the richest country on earth?If every other major country can have paid maternity leave, so can we.The reality now is that we are living in an oligarchic society.  The top 1% owns more wealth than the bottom 92%. Over the last 30 years, the top 1%'s wealth has increased by $21 trillion while the bottom half's declined.  Is that the kind of country we are satisfied with?Take a look around. We are in a moment in which we have more income & wealth inequality than any point since the 1920's. Our infrastructure has been neglected and is crumbling. We have record heatwaves, and bodies of water are on fire. If now is not the time to act boldly when?Hmm... Maybe it was paying an effective tax rate of 0.98%, heading a corporation that repeatedly paid nothing in federal income tax, and underpaying workers so much they had to rely on public benefits. That sort of rampant greed might have had something to do with it."The establishment is afraid of me becoming mayor because finally, someone is going to lead with care, compassion, accessibility, and transparency, and put people first." - @IndiawaltonbfloJeff Bezos makes some $2,537 every second of the day.  Got that? That means Jeff Bezos the richest guy on the face of planet makes nearly 3x more in one second than the median worker in this country makes in an entire week. That is morally obscene.  Tax the billionaires.If the United States and the global community doesn't get its act together and move away from fossil fuels in a very aggressive way, the planet we will be leaving our kids and grandchildren will be increasingly uninhabitable. We cannot allow that to happen.What other countries are doing and what we must do is make clear that taking care of children is one of our major priorities. The time is now to finally provide quality child care for all working families.No, the short-term profits of the oil and gas companies are not more important than the future of our planet.  Yes, now is the time to act boldly and take on the climate crisis.Please do not tell me that ending our dependency on fossil fuels is too radical THIS is radical.Climate change is the existential threat to our planet at this moment. And we are seeing it with our own eyes right now. My colleagues ask if we can afford to act as boldly and aggressively as the situation demands I ask, how can we afford not to?If you're a working class parent of 2 kids under the age of 6, in just two weeks' time, you're going to start getting monthly payments of $600 to help with the cost of raising your kids.  That is no small thing that is government that delivers for working people.If the last few months has made one thing clear, it is that we need more progressive voices in the Senate. @Booker4KY will be the voice that the working people of Kentucky need.Yes. Now is the time to think big, not small. We must address the climate crisis which is threatening the well-being of the entire planet. We must address the needs of working families. And when we do that we can create millions of good paying jobs.To those who say we cannot afford to act on climate, I ask you sincerely: what is the alternative?More than 120 countries around the globe offer some variety of paid leave for new parents.  The United States the richest country on the planet ain't one of them. Let's end that absurdity and finally make paid leave for all a reality.I do not think we can overstate the significance of the fact that in just 2 weeks, working class parents will begin receiving direct payments to help with the costs of raising a child. This is what we mean when we say government must work for working people, not just the wealthy.Why do we somehow have endless money to give tax breaks to the rich and large corporations, but when we start talking about child care and pre-K education for working class families, somehow we can't afford it? Totally absurd.Action on climate change is not just important to me.  It is important to our planet. It is important to our children and to future generations. It is not something that would be nice to do it must be dealt with and dealt with boldly.Most Americans today look at Washington and feel alienated from their own government. They do not believe that government in this country is concerned about their needs, that government is only looking out for the needs of the wealthy. I think it's time we turn that around.Real wages in America today are lower than they were 48 years ago. The rich are getting even richer. Here's the truth: if we're going to retain the faith of the American people in their government, we're going to have to stand up for them, and not the big money interests.A working class parent in Texas spends, on average, $16,386 in child care expenses for an infant and a 4-year-old nearly $5,000 MORE than they spend in a year on housing. That is crazy stuff! We must make child care affordable for working class families in this country.A working class parent of two spends more in a given year on child care expenses than Amazon paid in taxes in 2018. How is that acceptable in a moral society? We have got to get our national priorities straight.We can no longer ignore the reality that climate change is causing devastating destruction in our country and around the world. YES action to avert the climate crisis is critical to our nation's infrastructure. We must act NOW.Donald Trump's tax bill in 2017: $750 Elon Musk's tax bill in 2018: $0 Amazon's tax bill in 2018: $0 Average American's tax bill in 2017: $12,200 We've got a tax code that is rigged in favor of the rich and large corporations. The time for them to pay their fair share is NOW.Average paid leave for new moms in other major countries: 18 weeks Paid leave for new moms in the United States: Zero weeks We must guarantee paid family leave for all workers in this country.I happen to believe in the radical notion that you should be able to grow old and hear the people around you, to keep teeth in your mouth, and to see the world around you. Let's expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, dental, and eyeglasses.I spoke with @Indiawaltonbflo and congratulated her on a great victory. Her win in the mayoral primary is an important step forward for the working people of Buffalo, and shows the political power of an agenda that puts people first.Do not let anyone tell you we cannot do big things in this country. We put a man on the moon YES, we can take on climate change. We can guarantee health care as a right. We can guarantee child care and pre-K education to every child. Now is the time to think big, not small.We are going to: - lead the world in addressing the crisis of climate change and create millions of jobs - guarantee child care and pre-K education to every child in America - make the rich pay their faire share of taxes to fund it Our time is now.I'm proud to stand with the @MSNBCunion. A clear majority of newsroom employees at @MSNBC and @TheChoice have chosen to organize with the @WGAEast, and the network should recognize the union without delay or division.Republicans all across the country are touting the absurd position that the former president, Donald Trump, won the last election in a landslide, and zero Republicans are prepared to vote to support American democracy. That is the sad reality we face.It's not acceptable to me or to you that some of the richest people in this country do not pay a nickel in income tax. Our job is not complicated. It is to create a government and an economy that works for all of us, not the powerful.We must stand together and tell the billionaire class: our time is now. And no, we will not wait.Ill be there soon because now is the time for our government to finally pay attention to the needs of the working class.You're a working class mom with a new baby, and you live in Canada. You know how many days of paid leave you get to spend with your baby? 119. If you're living just over the border in Detroit, you get ZERO days with your baby in the richest country in the world. Unacceptable.Republicans refusing to even debate protecting our democracy is a total outrage. We can disagree on issues, but we should not disagree on whether or not Americans have the fundamental right to vote.If you know of any Republican who wants to vote to support democracy, I'd love to see them, but as far as I can tell, there aren't any.We have a tax code in this country that allows multibillionaires to pay NOTHING in federal income tax. That is outrageous. It is time for them to pay their fair share.We are the only major country on earth not to guarantee paid parental leave. Is that acceptable? I think not.Wages stagnant for over 40 years. Massive income and wealth inequality. No paid parental leave. Astronomical child care costs. 90 million uninsured or underinsured. Unaffordable prescription drugs. Does this really sound like the richest country on earth?When we talk about democracy in America, we are talking about one person, one vote. What democracy is not about is a handful of billionaires using their wealth to buy our elections, or states suppressing the vote by denying poor people or people of color the right to vote.We cannot have a vibrant democracy unless we defend the right of all eligible voters to participate in our elections. That means stopping Republicans' voter suppression efforts. That means stopping the influence of dark money. That means passing the For the People Act.New York City needs leadership that will fight for the needs of working class families, not the financial interests of developers and the wealthy elite. It's Election Day TODAY and polls are open until 9 PM. Go vote, NYC!A fundamentally broken system rewards Jeff Bezos, the world's richest guy, with another $78 billion more money than any one person could ever need while Amazon workers work at breakneck pace in grueling conditions with no hazard pay and no paid sick leave.Beginning on July 15, working class families will start receiving monthly payments as part of the increased Child Tax Credit in the American Rescue Plan.  How will these payments impact you and your kids' lives?Jeff Bezos' life during the pandemic: - $78 billion richer - commissioned a super-yacht - is going to space Amazon workers' lives: - no hazard pay - no paid sick leave - spied on - underpaid On #PrimeDay, I say: enough is enough, Jeff. Treat your workers with dignity.What's going on right now is the very rich are doing phenomenally well and corporate profits are soaring, while working people are living paycheck to paycheck. NOW is the time to create millions of good-paying jobs by addressing our long-term structural crises.Every year, 20 million people are displaced from their homes as a result of climate-fueled disasters. How do you go forward right now in this moment in history and not address the terrible climate crisis that we face and fundamentally transform our energy system?At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, when the very rich are becoming richer, when two people own more wealth than the bottom 40% of America, there is something absurd that you have billionaires out there who are paying ZERO in federal income taxes.For decades now, the government has paid attention to the rich and the powerful. I think that now is the time to finally pay attention to the needs of the working class.This is a democracy. We can disagree on all kinds of issues, but taking away the rights of Americans to vote and to participate in our democracy is absolutely unacceptable. Period.In 1965, half of all seniors over the age of 65 had no medical insurance. The passage of Medicare ended that injustice.  Now, in 2021, we can continue to fulfill the promise of Medicare by expanding it to include dental care, eyeglasses, and hearing aids. Let's get it done.Right now, New Yorkers can elect leaders from district attorney to public advocate to city council who will fight for a New York that works for working families, not developers and the wealthy elite. Early voting is already underway and Election Day is Tuesday go vote, NYC!In my view, there is no compromise when it comes to protecting the right to vote. We must stop the onslaught of voter suppression and make it easier, not harder to vote in this country.While GOP legislatures are working overtime to deny Black Americans and young people the right to vote, this is what Mitch McConnell says: "Ive taken a look at all the new state lawsnone of them are designed to suppress the vote." Thats why we must pass the For the People Act.Vision care is health care. Dental care is health care. Hearing care is health care. That's why we must expand Medicare to cover dental care, eyeglasses, and hearing aids.I do not think it is too radical an idea to say that keeping teeth in your mouth should not be a luxury. Medicare must be expanded to include dental care, eyeglasses, and hearing aids.The way to rebuild the crumbling middle class in this country is by growing the trade union movement.That's $28 million MORE than Jeff Bezos paid in income taxes in 2007 and 2011. Yes, it is time for billionaires to pay their fair share of taxes.Warren Buffett wealth growth, 2014-2018: $24.3 BILLION Warren Buffett tax rate, 2014-2018: 0.1% Average working class American tax rate: 24.8% Maybe, just maybe, billionaires should start paying their fair share of taxes.What a shock! With friends in high places,the very rich avoid paying their taxes. Who would have guessed? This is why we need a tax on wealth.400 richest Americans wealth in 1991: $288 billion 400 richest Americans wealth in 2021: $3.2 trillion Tipped minimum wage in 1991: $2.13 an hour Tipped minimum wage in 2021: $2.13 an hour We must create an economy that works for all of us, not just the billionaire class.When we stand together against the existential threat of climate change, we can create a future where preserving our planet matters more than Big Oils profits. Grassroots power stopped Keystone XL, and it will #StopLine3.We must take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry, allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices, and save taxpayers some $600 billion. We can then use those savings to expand Medicare to cover dental, vision and hearing aids and lower the eligibility age to 60.Well?Now theres a radical idea!Why should we be surprised that in a corrupt system, the very, very richest people in this country pay, in a given year, ZERO DOLLARS in federal income tax?Im proud to endorse @mike4brooklyn and @disruptionary for City Council who will always put working people before the interests of the wealthy and the powerful.Im joining with @AOC and @nycDSA to endorse @Adolfo4Council, @tiffany_caban, @jaslinforqueens, @alexaforcouncil for City Council.For Brooklyn Borough President, Im proud to endorse @ReynosoBrooklyn who is a proven progressive champion fighting on the frontlines for stronger tenant protections, meaningful criminal justice reform, and environmental justice.For Manhattan District Attorney, Im proud to endorse @TahanieNYC who will lead the wave of progressive prosecutors working to end mass incarceration and change the face of criminal justice in this country.For New York City Comptroller, I'm endorsing @bradlander because he will stand up to special interests and demand the change working people need.For New York City Public Advocate, I'm proud to endorse @JumaaneWilliams who is a tireless fighter for working people.In just two weeks, New Yorkers have the chance to elect candidates who understand that working people are hurting and the time is now for New York Citys government to represent ordinary people and not just the 1%.True tax rates of billionaires: Warren Buffett: 0.10% Jeff Bezos: 0.98% Michael Bloomberg: 1.30% Elon Musk: 3.27% Tax rate for working class Americans: 24.2% Tax the billionaires. Make them pay their fair share. Rebuild our nation's crumbling infrastructure.We cannot continue on endlessly negotiating with Republicans, particularly when they are completely unserious about anything significant. If Democrats want to retain control of the House and the Senate, it's time to do something bold for the American people.We cannot allow Republican governors and legislators to deny young people, people of color, and poor people the right to vote. Let me be clear: doing nothing to take on this ugly ongoing surge of voter suppression is not an option.The clock is ticking. Every day that we delay bold action on climate change is one day closer for more droughts and forest fires, more heat waves, more flooding, more sea rising, more extreme weather. For the sake of future generations we must act NOW.In about a month's time, working class parents will start receiving direct monthly payments as part of the Child Tax Credit increase in the American Rescue Plan.  And you know how many Republicans voted for it? NOT ONE. And they claim to be the party of 'family values.' Absurd.Here is a list of every single Republican who had the guts to vote in support of the American Rescue Plan: There aren't any. We did it alone.  Meanwhile, how many Republican senators voted for Trump's $1.9 trillion tax giveaway to the rich? 51! Pathetic.Here's a radical idea: majority rule. Not a single Republican voted to provide a $1,400 direct payment to the working class or a $3,000 Child Tax Credit. The Senate passed this important legislation with 51 votes. We must do the same with the American Jobs and Family plans.You know, let me give Mitch McConnell credit he is being very honest in saying that "100%" of his focus is on stopping the Biden administration from helping working families. Our job now is to use reconciliation to provide real help for the working people of this country.What stimulus checks meant for the American people:  financial instability fell by 43%  families' food shortages fell by 42% anxiety and depression fell by 20% Yes. Government can and should continue to address the needs of working people, not just the 1%.Unfettered capitalism is CEO compensation skyrocketing by 940% since 1978 while the typical worker's pay has inched up by just 12%. This is not what America is supposed to be about. We must put an end to rampant inequality and finally create an economy which works for all of us.Time is running out. This is no time to nibble around the edges. Now is the time to go big and to pass legislation which works for the middle class and working families, not just the wealthy.States where Republicans have introduced voter suppression bills: AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA WA WI WV WY  We must pass the For The People Act and defend our democracy.For most Americans, there is a vast disconnect between the reality of their lives and what is talked about in Washington. In the real world, the rich are getting richer, and most everyone else is working harder for less. Lets move forward boldly to protect working families.I have had the opportunity of visiting U.S. military cemeteries in North Africa and England.Row after row of graves from World War II.It was an extremely sobering and sad experience. Today, we remember those who died in war and pledge to try and create a more peaceful world.Congratulations to Democrats in Texas for protecting democracy and the right to vote. Let's see if Democrats in the U.S. Senate have the same courage. We MUST pass S. 1, the For The People Act. The future of American democracy is at stake.Poverty is not just doing without luxuries.It is a death sentence.At a time when income and wealth inequality is growing, the richest American men live 15 years longer than the poorest men, while the gap for women is 10 years. This is unacceptable.The American people want action, not never-ending "negotiations" and obstructionism, and they will not come out and vote for a party that does not deliver.  If not now, when?Democracy in America means one person, one vote. It does not mean billionaires buying elections. It does not mean suppressing the vote. It does not mean rigging the next election because you lost the last one. People fought and died for our democracy it is our job to defend it.Nearly half of all seniors over the age of 75 have hearing loss. Yet in America today, 75% of seniors who need hearing aids don't have one. Why is that? Because of the price tag. It's time we expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, dental care, and eyeglasses.Jeff Bezos is the richest guy on the planet. He's gotten $86 billion richer since the start of the COVID pandemic. Does he really need $10 billion from Congress for space exploration?I think most working class Americans understand that for the last 40 years, what the government has done is cater to the needs of the wealthy and of large corporations. What we have got to do now is start paying attention to a struggling working class.When Mitch McConnell, the Senate Republican Leader, tells us his job is to oppose 100% of President Biden's agenda, we should believe him. Time is running out. We must act quickly to improve the lives of working families with 51 votes. We cannot afford to wait. Let's get it done.Weve recently seen disturbing antisemitic attacks and a troubling rise in Islamophobia. If you are committed toa future of equality and peaceful coexistence, please stand united against anyone who promotes hatred of any kind.I hear my Republican colleagues going on about a 'labor shortage' in this country. Well, in Pennsylvania and elsewhere, some employers have raised wages you know what? People came back to work in a hurry.Congratulations to the workers who fought courageously for this HUGE victory. Congress must follow Rhode Islands lead and move NOW to end starvation wages in the richest country on earth.On issue after issue, Republicans are seeing that the American people overwhelmingly support a progressive agenda. As it turns out, an agenda of enormous tax breaks for billionaires, and billions in welfare for enormous corporations isn't all that popular. Imagine that!If McDonald's can afford to pay its CEO over $10 million in compensation and spend billions on stock buybacks to award its wealthy shareholders and executives, you know what? It can afford to pay all of its workers at least $15 an hour. I'm proud to support the workers on strike.Over the course of the pandemic, the average corporate CEO has seen their pay explode by some 29%. The median worker has seen their pay decline by 2%. That is totally unacceptable.Republicans in state after state are attempting to starve people back to work by trying to do away with supplemental unemployment payments. Unacceptable.  My view is simple: pay people a living wage and provide better benefits, they will work.The problem is not a labor shortage in this country. The problem is that in state after state, workers are being asked to work for starvation wages and no benefits.The devastation in Gaza is unconscionable. We must urge an immediate ceasefire. The killing of Palestinians and Israelis must end. We must also take a hard look at nearly $4 billion a year in military aid to Israel. It is illegal for U.S. aid to support human rights violations.Tax breaks Republicans want to provide by repealing the estate tax: $88 billion to the Walton family $71 billion to the Jeff Bezos family $65 billion to the Elon Musk family $50 billion to the Bill Gates family $40 billion to the Mark Zuckerberg family $0 to the 99.9%Healthcare is a human right, not a job benefit. A major step forward toward Medicare for All is to negotiate prescription drug prices, and use the $500 billion in savings to expand Medicare to cover dental, hearing and vision - and lower the eligibility age to 55.The Republicans know they can't win fair elections. That's why, in dozens of states, they're suppressing the vote, making it easier for "dark money" to buy elections and creating outrageous gerrymandered districts. We must pass the For The People Act to save American democracy.Do you know of anyone who can live on $7.25 an hour? No, you don't, because it is a starvation wage. We've got to end that absurdity and finally raise the federal minimum wage to at least $15 an hour.Unfettered capitalism is Jeff Bezos buying a $500 million, 416-foot super yacht with a helipad after working overtime to deny workers at Amazon the right to negotiate for better wages, benefits and working conditions by forming a union. That is corporate greed at its ugliest.Eid Mubarak to all our Muslim neighbors across the country and all over the world.How are we going to pay to rebuild our nation's crumbling infrastructure? Republicans want to raise taxes on working families. I happen to think it's time we made sure enormous corporations and the wealthiest Americans paid their fair share of taxes.McDonalds is raising wages because thousands of courageous workers marched in the streets and demanded dignity on the job.  But make no mistake, we wont stop fighting until all of them get $15 an hour and a union.  When working people stand together, they cannot be defeated.At a time when we see so many of our nation's needs going unmet, we have got to ask ourselves: why are we spending more on the military than the next 12 nations combined?75% of seniors with hearing loss don't have a hearing aid because of the cost. 65% have no dental insurance and no idea how they'll afford to see a dentist. Over 70% of Americans 65 & older have untreated gum disease. We cannot tolerate this any longer.The political debate in the U.S. now is not over the economy, healthcare, climate, racial justice, etc. The real issue is whether we remain a democracy.Tragically, the GOP has become an authoritarian cult based on lies and conspiracy theories. They cannot be allowed to succeed.I do not think we should allow ourselves to grow comfortable with the fact that 719 billionaires now own 4 times more wealth than the entire bottom half of this country.If you're a billionaire in America today, you probably got a lot richer since the start of the pandemic. Meanwhile, if you're a fast food worker getting paid the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, you have not seen a pay increase in more than a decade. How absurd is that?The goal of vaccines is to save lives and crush the pandemic, not increase drug company profits.I applaud the President for backing the waiver of intellectual property rights for COVID vaccines.It's nice to see the USAlead the world on a global justice issue.My message to the workers of this country is this: you do not have to work for starvation wages. You do not have to work in unsafe working conditions. You have the right to have dignity. The power rests with people who get together, who organize, and stand up for their rights.Mitch McConnell fights every day for the needs of the wealthy and powerful. I view the world a bit differently. I went to Kentucky to make it clear we have a fundamental choice to make: a government that represents the 1%, or government that represents us all.The debate now with the Republican Party is not over health care. It's not over education. It's not over climate. It is over whether or not we remain a democracy.Larry Krasners grassroots campaign in 2017 for District Attorney of Philadelphia sparked a wave of progressive criminal justice reform across the country. He's a fighter for the people and is successfully taking on a broken & corrupt system. Im proud to support his re-election.To say that dental care, hearing aids, and eyeglasses should be a part of Medicare makes all the sense in the world. Let's get it done.You know what? At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, maybe, just maybe, government should represent the needs of a struggling working class and middle class.In Mitch McConnells world, if you are a multi-billionaire campaign contributor it's okay to receive a $1.4 billion tax break. Thats how the system works. But if you are a carpenter who makes $75,000 a year, a direct payment is socialism for the rich. Give me a break.The difference in ideology between Senator McConnell and myself, between the Republican Party and the progressive movement, is not a question of big government versus small government. It's a question of whose interests the government represents. #BernieInKYIn my view, if Senator McConnell could use the reconciliation process to give tax breaks to billionaires, we can use that same process to stand up for the working families of this country. #BernieInKYThe question that I think people should be asking is why is Mitch McConnell doing what he is doing? The answer is pretty simple: Follow the money. #BernieInKYWe are the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care for all. Mitch McConnell's 'solution' to that was to throw over 30 million people off the health care they had. #BernieInKYLets be clear: its not just the American Rescue Plan that Mitch McConnell opposed. He is leading the effort against a $15 minimum wage. Against universal childcare. Against paid family and medical leave. Against making it easier for workers to join unions. Absurd. #BernieInKYI want the American people to remember this. When they hear some Republican touting this or that part of the American Rescue Plan: NOT ONE REPUBLICAN VOTED FOR IT. We did it alone. #BernieInKYMitch McConnell has been working overtime to represent the needs of the wealthy and the powerful and to undermine the needs of working families, the elderly, the sick, the children and the poor. #BernieInKYThis has been the worst and most painful year in the modern history of our country. But not everyone has been hurting while tens of millions of Americans have been living in economic desperation, the wealthiest people in this country have become obscenely richer. #BernieInKYOur vision is that the government should represent ALL of the people, not just the 1%. The foundations of government should rest on the pillars of justice economic justice, racial justice, social justice, environmental justice that's what we believe. #BernieInKYI view the world a little bit differently than Mitch McConnell. I'm LIVE in Kentucky NOW laying out why we need a government that represents all the people not just the 1%."We are rallying here because we want everybody to have health care. Nobody should have to ration their insulin like I have had to do." - @Booker4KY #BernieInKY"We don't face difficulty because we don't work hard enough, or because we don't pray enough. There's a system at play determining who wins and who loses, and for the most part, has determined that Kentucky should lose." - @Booker4KY #BernieInKY"Corporate America has been waging an all out war on working people. Throughout this pandemic, these companies have touted as essential workers but they've treated us as if we're disposable." - Ashley Snider, Kentucky State AFL-CIO Vice President #BernieInKY"In so many ways, more and more people are recognizing that the wheels are coming off our country, and that the ride wasn't great for too many of us to begin with." - Evan Westphal, an activist & organizer in Kentucky #BernieInKY"Many of us are just a paycheck away from a disaster. We soon learned that in this pandemic, it wasn't the CEOs that we turned to... in times of crisis, we turned to the everyday people. The working class is the backbone of this nation."- Hannah Drake, poet & author #BernieInKYSen. Mitch McConnell represents the needs of the wealthy and the powerful. Im LIVE in Kentucky NOW to talk about a progressive vision of government that serves all people.A great debate is now taking place in this country about the future of America. I'm confident we are going to win that debate. Watch LIVE at 2:30 p.m. ET onWe want to increase voter turnout and make it easier for people to vote. McConnell and his friends want to suppress the vote and make it harder for Americans to participate in the political process.We think the billionaire class should start paying its fair share of taxes. McConnell wants to give even more tax breaks to the very richest Americans and large corporations.We want all Americans to have health care as a human right. McConnell led the effort to throw up to 32 million Americans off the health care they had.We want a government that represents the needs of struggling working families. McConnell wants a government that does the bidding of the wealthy and large corporations.I am on my way to Kentucky to give a major address at 2:30 p.m. ET about the future of our country and the choices we have to make. The vision of Sen. Mitch McConnell and the Republican Establishment versus that of the Progressive movement could not be clearer.When you go to the boss alone, you don't have a whole lot of power. But when workers organize, when they stand together, in solidarity that's power. This #MayDay2021, we must commit to do all that we can to pass the PRO Act to make it easier for workers to organize.Here is the truth: we have had class warfare in this country for decades and decades. The rich have gotten richer, the working class have gotten poorer. Well, if there's going to be class warfare in this country, I think it's time the working class won that war. #MayDay2021We can have our differences of opinion that's fine, that's what democracy is all about. But it is just outrageous and unacceptable for Republican legislators all over this country to be undermining democracy and trying to deny people the right to vote.At the same time its CEO is compensated to the tune of $10.5 MILLION a year, Churchill Downs is refusing modest pay increases for their workers. Absurd. I am proud to stand with the workers of SEIU Local 541 on strike for better pay and better working conditions.Here's the truth: the pharmaceutical industry in the United States has never lost a political struggle. They can charge the American people any price they want, any day of the week that has got to end. Congress must finally have the guts to take on the pharmaceutical industry.The young people of America are, without a doubt, the most progressive generation in the history of this country. When young people stand up, and get involved in the political process, they can transform this nation.At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, when the top 1% owns more wealth than the bottom 92%, and when billionaires have gotten $4 TRILLION richer during the pandemic it is not the billionaire class that needs help today, it is the working class of this country.Working families are right now living in more desperation than at any time since the Great Depression. Join me and @Booker4KY this Sunday, May 2 as we rally for Kentucky's working class.Some 50 or 60 years ago, you could attend major public colleges and universities in America virtually tuition-free. That was America back then. If we could do it 60 years ago, we can do it today.The American people should not be made to pay the highest prices on the planet for prescription drugs.I stand with theUAW Local 2069 workersin Dublin, Virginia striking for a living wage and job security. Volvo should sit down with its workers and negotiate a fair contract now.I stand in solidarity with @GSOCUAW graduate workers at NYU who are on strike for living wages, affordable health care, and decent working conditions. We are fighting for college for all and dignity for the workers who make our universities great. #StrikeonNYUNo, I do not stay up at night worrying about the 1% and the billionaire class. It is time for the wealthy and large corporations to start paying their fair share of taxes so we can rebuild this country.Let's bring the world together and take on the existential threat of climate change.A $15 minimum wage is supported by: 89% of African Americans 87% of Democrats 76% of Latino Americans 73% of Asian Americans 62% of all Americans It's time for Congress to stop listening to greedy CEOs and start listening to workers who are tired of making starvation wagesThis is the richest country in the history of the world aging in America should not mean having to choose between paying for a hearing aid and paying for basic necessities like food. We must expand Medicare to include hearing aids, eyeglasses, and dental care.If we can afford billions of dollars in corporate welfare to corporations who are destroying the planet, then yes, we can afford to transform our energy systems, rebuild our crumbling infrastructure, and create millions of good-paying union jobs.This is a pivotal moment. Now is the time to stand up to the greed of the fossil fuel industry, and make sure our kids and grandkids have a healthy world to live in.Weeks of paid maternity leave offered to workers: : 39 : 26 : 18 : 18 : 17.5 : 17 : 16 : 14 : 13 : ZERO We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country on the planet not to guarantee a single day of paid maternity leave.What would tuition-free, debt-free higher education mean for you and your family?The U.S. already spends more on the military than the next 12 nations combined. Instead of increasing the bloated Pentagon budget, we must invest invest in jobs, education, housing and health care.Our grandchildren will ask us what we did to stop the climate crisis. How will we answer?We need a Green New Deal.I happen to believe that getting an education should not leave you in crippling debt for decades.I'm proud to endorse Teri Castillo for San Antonio City Council and Luke Amphlett for San Antonio School Board Trustee. They understand that now is the time to think big and put working people ahead of the wealthy and powerful.We must ask ourselves, what does it mean to age with dignity? If you're unable to hear your partner's voice, or unable to see the world around you, or made to live with severe dental pain is that dignity? Let's expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, dental care, and eyeglasses.A great country is judged by how it treats the vulnerable. We must expand Medicare to cover eyeglasses, dental care and hearing aids.For most of history, this country led the world in infrastructure. From the railroad to the interstate highway system to the rural electrification program. We grew the economy. We gave workers a decent standard of living. We must invest in our nation's infrastructure once more.I stand with the @seiuhcpa hospital workers in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania who are demanding safe staffing levels and patient care conditions. Community Health Systems should sit down with its workers and negotiate a fair contract.More than half of older Americans say they've avoided going to the dentist because of the cost, while 1 in 5 Americans over the age of 65 have untreated cavities, and 2 in 3 have gum disease. This is not a reality I believe we should accept in the richest country on the planet.Cost to manufacture 1 vial of insulin: Around $6 Cost of 1 vial of insulin for consumers: : $9 : $11 : $14 : $7 : $7 : $12 : $98 The American people should not be forced to pay the highest prices on the planet for prescription drugs.Now is the time to think big, not small that means restoring the corporate tax rate to 35%, cracking down on offshore tax shelters, and closing corporate tax loopholes. This would generate at least $2.3 TRILLION to invest in the long-neglected needs of the working class.I happen to believe that when you talk about infrastructure, you've got to talk about human infrastructure. Education. Health care. Childcare. Good wages. Affordable prescriptions. That's human infrastructure. Yes, we have got to rebuild this country's crumbling infrastructure.20 years of war is enough. 2,500 brave men and women losing their lives is enough. The expenditure of $2 trillion is enough. I applaud what President Biden has done in ending our nation's longest war.We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to every U.S. and coalition servicemember who served in Afghanistan, and we will never forget the 2,488 U.S. servicemembers who gave their lives there. We also remember the over 100,000 Afghan civilians who have been killed in this war.I applaud President Biden for making the right decision to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan and bring an end to the longest war in our countrys history.If we end dozens of tax loopholes, subsidies and other special interest giveaways to big oil, coal and gas companies, we can save taxpayers up to $150 billion over the next decade.Infrastructure means that when mom and dad go to work, their children have high quality child care at a cost working families can afford.Congratulations to the Urban Institute and Brookings staff for for organizing @UrbanInst_Union and @BrookingsUnion with @NonprofitUnion. I hope other workers in nonprofits follow their example and join a union. Now more than ever, we need a strong labor movement for all workers.Ramadan Mubarak to all our Muslim friends. May it be a month of much peace and joy.Have you or a loved one ever delayed seeing a dentist because of the cost?It is time to expand Medicare to include dental care, eyeglasses, and hearing aids.In America, 75% of seniors who need hearing aids dont have one. Why? The average hearing aid costs more than $2,400 and can run as high as $6,000, while 50 percent of seniors are living on a fixed income of less than $2,200 a month.Workers are not simply cogs in a machine. They are not robots. They are human beings who should have some say about what happens to them during the workday.We need to broaden our definition of infrastructure. It is, of course, bricks and mortar. But it is also human infrastructure. Now is the time to create millions of jobs addressing the needs of the working class. It is good policy and good politics.The history of every struggle in this country tells us that we do not always win the first time out. But I believe, as a result of their courage, workers in Alabama will inspire significant growth in union organizing efforts around thecountry.And let's be clear, they were up against a company that was willing to spend vast sums of money and use every kind of tactic there is to defeat them. I support @RWDSUs calls for an investigation into those tactics.The willingness of Amazon workers in Bessemer to take on the wealthiest man in the world and a powerful company in an anti-union state is an inspiration. It takes an enormous amount of courage to stand up and fight back, and they should be applauded.The majority of billionaires have gotten richer since the start of the pandemic. Let me repeat that: 86% of billionaires are now $5.1 TRILLION richer, while some 76 million Americans have lost their jobs. Yes, the time is now to address this obscene level of greed and inequality.It is no great secret that wages have been stagnant in America for many decades. The rich are getting richer, while many workers are working longer hours for lower wages. We've got to grow the union movement.The U.S. ranks 39th in the world in life expectancy.Yes.Rebuilding our infrastructure is not just roads and bridges. The new reconciliation bill must include protecting the planet, health care, education, housing and providing for the needs of a long-neglected working class.The Republican Party is now trying to appeal to the working class with racist politics, with homophobic politics, and with xenophobic politics. They want to pretend that they are somehow the "party of the working class." Let's be totally clear: it is total nonsense.All over this country, what Republicans are doing is trying to protect their own interests by making it harder for people who may vote against them to participate in our democracy. ABSURD! Our job now is to protect and expand voting rights in every state.What is infrastructure in this country: roads bridges our energy grid broadband childcare dental, vision, & hearing care for the elderly Now is the time to begin addressing our physical infrastructure as well as our human infrastructure. Let's get it done.When a working class family can't find quality, affordable childcare, that's human infrastructure. When a senior can't afford dental care, hearing aids, or eyeglasses, that's human infrastructure. Our nation must address the human infrastructure that we have ignored for too long.In so many ways, we are behind many other countries throughout the world in providing for working class families, the elderly, and the children. I think right now is the time to begin to address not only our physical infrastructure, but our human infrastructure as well.The time is long overdue to finally make the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes in this country.Today, some 53 years on from the day of his assassination, let us not forget for a moment where Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was when he was killed. He was standing with exploited workers in Memphis, Tennessee. That was then, and here we are now. The struggle continues.Cost to consumers: Nike Air Max 270s: $150 Dish Network basic package: $64.99 FedEx "large" box delivery: $20.00 Zoom Pro monthly membership: $14.99 Federal income taxes paid in 2020: Nike: $0 Dish Network: $0 FedEx: $0 Zoom: $0 Yes. We must end our rigged tax code.We can no longer tolerate a rigged system that allows FedEx to pay nothing in federal income taxes for 3 straight years after making billions in profits while forcing the Postal Service to pre-fund retiree benefits 75 years into the future for workers who haven't even been born.If you paid $120 for a pair of Nike Air Force 1 shoes, you paid more to Nike than it paid in federal income taxes over the past 3 years, while it made $4.1 billion in profits and Nike's founder, Phil Knight, became over $23 billion richer. Yes. We must #TaxTheRich.I want you to think about an America in which we have an explosion of union membership. That's our job together, we must grow the trade union movement all over this country. The only way we deliver real power to working people is by rebuilding the trade union movement.Right now, there are 253 bills in state legislatures that restrict voting rights in 43 states. Losing an election should not mean changing the rules to win the next one. Why are cowardly Republicans so afraid of democracy?We can build an economy that works for all and not just the few but it will take all of us. Power rests with people who are organized and are willing to stand up and fight for their rights.Good. Marijuana should be legal nationwide. All marijuana convictions must be expunged. It is absurd and idiotic that the federal government considers marijuana to be as dangerous as heroin.Amazon workers in Alabama are sick and tired of being treated like robots. They are standing up and fighting back, and I am proud to support them.In 1978, the top 0.1% owned about 7% of the nations wealth. In 2019, the latest year of data available, they own nearly 20%.Im proud to endorse Mayor @ChokweALumumba for reelection because he is a consistent fighterfor the working families of Jackson, Mississippi. As Mayor, he has been a strongadvocate for justice,progress, and equity.Over the course of the pandemic, tens of millions of Americans are out of work. 10 million are behind on rent. 22 million say they don't have enough to eat. But in America today, a handful of billionaires are now $1.3 trillion richer. This is what a rigged economy looks like.My question for Amazons Jeff Bezos is simple: When you have so much money, more money than can be spent in a million lifetimes, why are you trying so hard to defeat workers who are demanding decent pay and decent working conditions?Jeff Bezos, worth $180 billion, is getting nervous. He's afraid that if Amazon workers in Alabama vote to unionize, it'll give workers all over America the courage to take on his greed & win economic justice. He's spending millions against this union to keep billions for himself.The way that we work, it's meant to mentally break you down."I spoke for a few minutes yesterday with Amazon workers in Alabama. They told me about the heat, the absurd breaks, and the fact that if you are one minute late you lose a whole hour of pay. That is why they are standing with courage and taking on the richest man in the world.What Amazon workers in Alabama are doing takes real courage. They are standing up, not only for themselves and their families, but also for exploited workers all across the country who are sick and tired of corporate greed. I am very proud to stand with them.The only way we are going to rebuild the disappearing middle class in America the only way is to rebuild the trade union movement and give workers a seat at the negotiating table.We must organize to pass the PRO Act NOW.If Amazon workers prevail in forming a union in Alabama, they'll do it in Mississippi. Theyll do it in Tennessee. Theyll do it in Georgia. Theyll do it all over America. And instead of a race to the bottom, we will see rising living standards throughout the country.This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires.What Amazon workers in Alabama are doing is historical. All over this country, people are sick and tired of being exploited, and what this effort says to them is: stand up, fight back. This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires.If history teaches us anything, it is that big money interests do not just give you anything. You've got to stand up and you've got to fight for it. There is no excuse for workers at Amazon not to have good wages, good benefits, and good working conditions.When you go against one of the largest corporations and you do it alone, you've got no power. But when you stand together in solidarity with each other, you can negotiate for better conditions.Today, I say to Jeff Bezos who is worth $180 BILLION, a man who has made tens of billions in the last year of this pandemic why when you have so much, are you spending millions trying to defeat the workers trying to win decent working conditions?"I'm going to say absolutely you should vote for that union. What the union does is allows you to plot, plan, strategize, organize, and mobilize." - @KillerMike in Bessemer, Alabama"I've got 2 jobs and I'm in school. I'm tired, but I'm going to keep pushing. I am not giving up. I'm going to stand and I am going to fight." - Linda Burns, an Amazon worker in Bessemer, Alabama"I'm tired of crying out and no one's listening to me. I'm tired of seeing poverty and only a certain group of people are steady getting richer. That's not the America that I heard about. That's not the dream that I heard about." - Mike Foster, an @RWDSU organizer in AlabamaI am very proud to stand in solidarity today with Amazon workers in Bessemer, Alabama who are fighting for dignity on the job and the right to join a union. Join our rally LIVE from Alabama.TODAY AT 4 PM ET/3 PM CT: Join me, @KillerMike, and workers standing up for the right to join a union at Amazon a multi-billion dollar corporation owned by one of the richest people on the planet. I hope you can tune in atThe time is long overdue for us to address the crisis of income and wealth inequality in our country, and strong, organized worker power is crucial in that fight. I am proud to stand in strong solidarity with Amazon workers in Alabama in their struggle to form a union.When I speak with Amazon workers in Alabama today, my message to Jeff Bezos will be pretty simple. "Jeff, you're worth $182 billion. That's a lot of money. What is your problem with allowing workers in Alabama to organize for better wages and better working conditions?"One report found that Jeff Bezos's net worth had grown so much from March to September 2020 that he could have given every single Amazon employee a bonus of $105,000 and he'd still be as wealthy as he was before the pandemic. Outrageous.In 2020, Amazon made $14 billion in profits during the COVID pandemic, but decided to stop paying hazard pay to workers. During that same time, Jeff Bezos saw his wealth grow by around $70 billion.Amazon's CEO, Jeff Bezos, is the wealthiest person in the world and the company has tens of thousands of workers in fulfillment centers all across the country who are working at a breakneck pace to fill and ship orders.Republicans who failed to win the last election are passing laws in an attempt to steal the next election. Absolutely disgraceful. Too many have fought and died for the right to vote. We will not fail them. We must protect and expand voting rights in the United States.If Amazon workers in Alabama can prevail in forming a union, it can be done all over this country. I hope you'll join me, @KillerMike, and workers in the struggle as we rally tomorrow at 3 PM CT/ 4 PM ET, LIVE from Alabama. Tune in atThe 50 wealthiest people in America today own more wealth than the bottom half of our people. Let me repeat that, because it is almost too absurd to believe: the 50 wealthiest people in this country own more wealth than some 165 MILLION Americans. That is a moral obscenity.I am proud to stand in solidarity with Amazon workers in Alabama who are fighting for better wages and better working conditions. If they win, they will improve the lives of workers at the warehouse in Alabama and all over this country.There are a lot of problems facing our country and facing our economy. If you were to ask me what the most serious problem is, it is that in the richest country in the history of the world, over half our people are living paycheck to paycheck.I look forward to meeting with Amazon workers in Alabama on Friday. All I want to know is why the richest man in the world, Jeff Bezos, is spending millions trying to prevent workers from organizing a union so they can negotiate for better wages, benefits and working conditions."If every day working people have more money, what will they do? They WILL go out and support small businesses like mine. It's important that we address this issue of people needing some sort of fair minimum wage to live on." - Gail Somers, a restaurant owner in New Hampshire"41% of restaurant workers are considering leaving the industry because the wages and tips are too low. How are we going to save the restaurant industry if there's no one to work in it when we re-open?" - @SaruJayaraman of @onefairwage"We have no choice but to work. Because we get a sub-minimum wage, we have to go to work no matter what to get tips to survive." - Shelly Ortiz, a tipped-wage worker in Arizona"The U.S. Department of Labor has said that the restaurant industry has the absolute highest levels of wage theft of any industry in the United States." @SaruJayaraman of @onefairwage"The common misconception is that tipped workers tend to be teenagers with very few responsibilities or bills to pay. As a proud 25-year veteran of the service industry, I'm here to challenge that notion." - John J.J. Waters, a tipped-wage worker in West Virginia"We can't afford for 40% of restaurant workers to leave the industry because tips and wages are too low. I strongly believe we can make a $15 minimum wage with tips on top work." - Gail Somers, a restaurant owner in New Hampshire"All of my colleagues agree: we need one fair wage. A full minimum wage with tips on top." - Gabrielle Magnus, a @onefairwage worker in Detroit, Michigan"I have worked in states that pay a full minimum wage with tips on top, and my tips never suffered. Let me say that again: my tips NEVER suffered." - Heather McIntosh, a tipped wage worker in MaineNationally, the federal minimum wage is all of $7.25 an hour. But if you are someone who depends on tips for your living, your minimum wage is $2.13 an hour. It has not been raised since 1991. Unacceptable."We have to end this sub-minimum wage. Workers have said, 'we want this, we need this, NOW.'" - @SaruJayaraman of @onefairwageWe must end starvation wages for tipped workers. Join me and @OneFairWage LIVE NOW for a town meeting on ending the tipped minimum wage.Last year, 1 out of 5 Americans could not afford the medicine prescribed by their doctors. Meanwhile, over the course of the pandemic, the pharmaceutical industry has increased the price of more than 500 prescription drugs. That is the sort of greed we have got to stop.I do not think in the year 2021 that we should continue to accept a reality which sees women paid just $0.82 for every $1 men are paid for doing the same job. I believe we can achieve economic justice in this country that means equal pay for equal work. #EqualPayDayI hope you'll join me, @onefairwage and tipped wage workers from around the country tomorrow night at 8:00 PM ET as we discuss the fight to end starvation wages. What questions do you have for us when it comes to raising the tipped minimum wage in this country?Over the last 23 years, drug companies spent $7.6 billion on lobbyists. Since 1990, they contributed more than $700 million to candidates. Now the industry charges us the highest prices in the world for prescriptions. Congress must summon the courage NOW to take them on.I am proud to support the New Deal for CUNY campaign calling on New York state to tax the rich and make CUNY tuition-free for poor and working-class students.  Together, we will make this a reality at public colleges and universities across America.Congratulations to nurses in Wisconsin who stood together, demanded the dignity they deserve and won!Space travel is an exciting idea, but right now we need to focus on Earth and create a progressive tax system so that children don't go hungry, people are not homeless and all Americans have healthcare. The level of inequality in America is obscene and a threat to our democracy.CEO pay growth from 1979-2019: 1,167% Worker pay growth from 1979-2019: 13.7% Maybe it's a radical idea, but I think it's time we created an economy that looks out for the working people of this country, and not just the CEOs.Every benefit, from the minimum wage to the 5-day work week, was earned when people organized. Its never easy. But workers at an Amazon warehouse in Alabama are standing together right now and if they win, it will send a shockwave throughout this country.Tens of millions of Americans are out of work. Half our people are living paycheck to paycheck.  But hey, a handful of billionaires have another $1.3 trillion in wealth, so that's okay, right? WRONG. Enough is enough. We have got to create an economy that works for all of us.Right now, women make up 70% of tipped workers, yet they experience 3x the poverty rate as the rest of the workforce. That is an outrage. Please join me and @onefairwage next Wednesday at 8 PM ET for a conversation with tipped workers on raising the tipped minimum wage.The average worker in America is now making $32 dollars a week less than he or she made 48 years ago after adjusting for inflation. That is absurd.We are in a moment in American history where two guys Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos own more wealth than the bottom 40% of people in this country. That level of greed and inequality is not only immoral. It is unsustainable.When we talk about rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, we must include low-income and affordable housing. Today, 500,000 Americans are homeless, and 18 million spend 50% of their incomes on shelter. We can create millions of jobs building the housing we desperately need.What will the $1,400 direct payments in the American Rescue Plan mean for you and your family?I happen to think that at the end of the day, to deliver for working people, we have got to end the filibuster.I stand with nurses in Madison, Wisconsin who are demanding a safe work environment and paid sick leave. They are on the frontlines in our fight against COVID-19. We must treat them like the heroes they are.Let me be clear, we must have the courage to address the crises facing the American people, even if it means taking on the big money interests. Yes, we are off to a really good start. But we must continue to stand up for the working class.Shock of shocks! After historic voter turnout, the GOP is trying to restrict who can and cannot vote. Cowardly politicians who can only win elections by suppressing the vote need to get out of politics and find a new job.The American Rescue Plan is the most consequential piece of legislation for working families passed in many decades, and that is because it begins to address, in rather significant ways, the enormous and unprecedented crises they are facing today.I say to Jeff Bezos, the richest person on the planet: what is your problem with Amazon workers organizing for better working conditions and better pay? You are worth $182 BILLION. You cannot continue to have it all when so many are struggling.We cannot and will not have a moral society when so few have so much and so many have so little. That is the struggle we are engaged in. We must continue to fight for an economy that works for all of us.One year ago, Breonna Taylor was murdered by police officers. It is a disgrace that we are still waiting on justice. The time is long overdue for us to combat systemic racism and a broken criminal justice system.The American Rescue Plan more than doubles funding for community health centers, which means that more working families all over this country will be able to walk into a community health center and get the care they need. That will be transformative for so many.Its unfortunate Mr. Bezos wont join our hearing. While hes become $78 billion richer during the pandemic, families are struggling to survive, so why is he spending a whole lot of money to stop workers from organizing a union at an Amazon warehouse in Alabama?While Senate Republicans told us we cannot afford to provide $1,400 direct payments to the working class, they had no problem introducing a bill this week to repeal the estate tax which would provide a $1.7 trillion tax break to the billionaire class. Total hypocrisy!The American Rescue Plan will - send $1,400 direct payments to working class adults & their kids - cut child poverty in HALF - boost unemployment payments by $300 That is just some of what's in the bill. What a difference it makes when government is on the side of working people.This relief bill is the difference between dignity and despair for millions of Americas working families. And yet, not a single Republican the so-called 'party of the working class' voted for it! The Republicans have turned their backs on the needs of working families.The Senate must now take up the #PROAct. The trade union movement is the last line of defense against a billionaire class that wont be satisfied until they have it all.The $1,400 direct payments in the American Rescue Plan will mean the difference between despair and dignity for millions of people in our country. Finally, our government is responding to the pain of working people.Interesting. The Republican Party claims to be the party of the working class. Yet, according to a recent Pew poll, 63% of lower-income Republicans support the covid relief bill that we just passed - but not one Republican voted for it. They sure LOVE working people. No doubt.To the progressive movement, it is because of your support that we just passed the most significant legislation for working people in decades. Lets talk about just a few of the policies in it.Under GOP control, Congress passed $1.9 trillion in tax cuts mainly for billionaires & corporations. Now, after one of the highest voter turnouts in history, we passed $1.9 trillion to help working families who are struggling. Do not let anyone tell you your vote doesn't matter.What we did is write and pass a bill to address the crises facing the American people, not the wealthy and large corporations. The result is the most significant piece of legislation to benefit the working class in many years.The American Rescue Plan addresses a crisis that America has ignored for too long: Our childhood poverty rate is among the highest of any major country on Earth. Yes, we are finally going to provide real help for the children of America.In 2017, Republicans passed a tax bill that provides 83% of the benefits to the top 1% & tried taking healthcare away from 32 million people. On Saturday, Democrats voted to provide 86% of Americans with direct payments & cash benefits to 93% of kids. Elections have consequences.Right-wing Republicans in CA are trying to recall @GavinNewsom for the crime of telling people to wear masks and for listening to scientists during COVID. Extremist Republicans have done enough to undermine democracy already. We must all unite to oppose the recall in California.Today, 56 years on from Bloody Sunday, it is absurd that we are still fighting for the right to vote. Not only is it our duty to keep fighting to end voter suppression in all its forms we must also work to expand our democracy and make it easier for all our people to vote.The American Rescue Plan is the most significant piece of legislation to benefit working people in the modern history of this country.Where was Republicans' concern for the deficit when they gave over a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the rich and large corporations? The bill we are fighting for right now is the most significant piece of legislation for working families that Congress has passed in decades.In my mind, the great economic crisis that we face today is half of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. And many millions of workers are, frankly, working for starvation wages. Raising the minimum wage is what the American people want, and it's what we have got to do.There is not one state in our country where you can make ends meet on the current federal minimum wage. Not one! How quickly would Congress raise the minimum wage if they were forced to live on $7.25 an hour? Outrageous.There is nowhere I repeat, NOWHERE in the United States where a full-time worker being paid the federal minimum wage of $7.25 can make ends meet. That is a disgrace. It is far past time that we raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and give millions of workers a raise.Of the 32 MILLION workers who would benefit from raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour: - 59% are women - 31% are Black - 26% are Latino This is not just about economic justice raising the minimum wage would significantly narrow the gender and racial pay gap. Let's do it.40 years ago today, I won my first election to become Mayor of Burlington by just 10 votes. 10 votes. Do not ever let anyone convince you of the notion that your vote does not matter. Your vote matters and we need you to stay involved in the political process.I say to the Walton family of Walmart: the American people are sick and tired of subsidizing your greed. Pay your workers a living wage.Why should the taxpayers, many of whom are struggling economically as a result of the pandemic, subsidize the starvation wages being paid at Walmart? The owners of Walmart got $50 BILLION richer during the pandemic. They can afford to pay workers a living wage.At a time when millions of workers are earning starvation wages, when the minimum wage has not been raised by Congress since 2007 and stands at a pathetic $7.25 an hour, it is time to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.Sadly, the Republican Party has turned its back on democracy and evolved into an authoritarian party suppressing the vote, pushing big lies and conspiracy theories. Too many Americans have fought and died to defend our democratic way of life. We cannot and will not fail them.Walmart, the largest employer in America, is owned by the richest family in America. Their wealth has gone up $50 billion during the pandemic, and they spend millions on themselves. But the company they own starts workers off at $11 an hour. That is outrageous.I strongly disagree with the parliamentarians ruling about the minimum wage. But the people are demanding an end to starvation wages in America. We will not give up. We must get this done.The relief bill is life and death for millions of working families. Im LIVE with @PplsAction to talk about how we get it done.Raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour would benefit 32 million workers and would give low-wage workers an extra $3,300 a year. I'll say that again.Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour would benefit 32 MILLION workers. Let's get it done.The owners of Walmart, the Walton Family, are the richest family in the country. They're worth $200 billion. They currently pay at least HALF their workers less than $15 an hour. That is absurd. The richest family in America can afford to pay their workers a living wage.Let me congratulate the workers at Amazon for having the incredible courage to stand up and to fight for a union. The fight you are waging will send a message to workers all across the country that if they stand up, stand together, and fight, they can win.Some people including Senators say, "Well, Bernie, how can we afford to act on climate change? The real question is: how can we afford NOT to act while climate change causes destruction and suffering? We have a moral obligation to protect the planet for future generations.Im proud to support @gilcedillos campaign for reelection to the City Council. He knows that working people built Los Angeles, and he fights every day to make sure their voices are heard over the concerns of the wealthy and the powerful.Cowardly Republicans, afraid of democracy, want to make it harder for people to participate in the political process. What are they afraid of? Our job is to make it easier to vote, increase voter turnout and strengthen our democracy. Together, we will end voter suppression.No one can tell me that youcan live in dignity on $7.25 an hour. It cannot be done. It is time wefinally do what is right, and raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour. No more starvation wages!Im endorsing @JuanForRep for state representative because when he gets to the state house he will put the working people of the 19th district before the needs of special interests and the wealthy.This is the height of corporate greed. The owners of Kroger choose to shut down stores instead of simply paying the workers risking their lives who make their corporate profits possible. Absolutely despicable.When the gap between the very rich & everyone else is widening; when the 50 richest Americans own more wealth than the bottom half of our country; when the effective tax rate of billionaires is less than that of average workers; YES. We must address income & wealth inequality.Raising the minimum wage is not just about economic justice it is about racial justice. Nearly half of Black and Latino workers in America make under $15 an hour. We must end starvation wages, and give 32 million Americans a raise by increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour.The overwhelming majority of the American people understand that we must end starvation wages in America. That means raising the minimum wage from $7.25 an hour to $15 an hour by 2025.Period.Let's be clear. The rich are doing just fine. Billionaires are seeing tremendous growth in their wealth. But working families are living in more desperation than at any time since the Great Depression. Congress has got to move forward vigorously, and help the American people.Instead of spending billions on 30 second tv ads, Democrats must invest in 12 months a year grassroots organizing around the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice. If we build a political movement from the ground on up, we cannot lose.I stand in strong solidarity with fast food workers all over this country who are going on strike today to demand $15 an hour and a union. The Senate must raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour with 51 votes this year. We have got to end the crisis of starvation wages in America.Does the Republican Party believe in democracy or the Big Lie and conspiracy theories? That is what Republicans must decide. That is what is at stake.The Covid relief bill when passed is going to do a lot of good for working Americans, but one thing that simply cannot be emphasized enough is that it will cut child poverty IN HALF the biggest reduction in modern history. That's why we must act and act quickly.The impeachment trial was not just about Trump's speech on January 6. It was about whether we remain a democracy or move toward authoritarianism: big lies, racism, divisiveness, violence and one-man rule. That's what the trial was about and that's what 43 Republicans voted for.Thank you @USProgressives for your leadership. The Covid Bill in the House increases stimulus checks to $2000 for the working class, raises the minimum wage to $15 an hour, cuts childhood poverty in half and extends unemployment benefits. The Senate must prepare to act quickly.It is not acceptable that in America today the very rich get much richer, while working families struggle. No more austerity economics. We need an economy that works for all, not just the few.It is truly sad and dangerous that only 7 Republicans voted to convict a president who is promoting a Big Lie, conspiracy theories and violence, and is aggressively trying to destroy American democracy.This is what the Big Lie is all about. Three months after the election, and 61 court decisions later, Trump and his attorneys still refuse to acknowledge that he lost the election. Pathetic.This is about greed plain and simple. Closing down Minor League teams, like the Vermont Lake Monsters, is a disaster for baseball fans, workers, and communities across the country. I will do all I can to fight it.Millions of Americans are trying to survive on starvation wages. Half of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. Inequality is growing. It is a moral imperative to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. We must act NOW.Maybe just maybe instead of listening to the billionaire class we should pass the relief the American people are demanding and desperately need. Thats what Democrats promised, and thats exactly what we must do. Let's get it done.It's time to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.The Republican Party has a fundamental choice to make. It can be a conservative party that believes in democracy and the rule of law or it can be an authoritarian party thats built on conspiracy theories, violence and the Big Lie. But it cannot be both.While the top hedge fund managers made $23 billion in 2020, millions of people struggled to put food on the table for their children and pay their rent.  Its time to rethink our national priorities and finally build an economy that works for all not just the billionaires.Congratulations to the House Leadership and the Progressive Caucus. It is absurd to create an income eligibility cap that would mean 40 million Americans who got support under Trump wouldnt get checks under Biden. Lets get this done.I stand in solidarity with Amazon workers in Alabama who are today beginning to vote in a historic union election.  If they win, it will not only improve wages and working conditions in Bessemer, but it will also send a shockwave around the country.Jane and I are deeply saddened by the passing of Karen Lewis. She lived her life on the front line of the struggle for justice in education, and to honor her memory we must recommit ourselves to building the fairer future students and families deserve.Let's be clear. We will never get 10 votes from Senate Republicans to pass a $15 an hour minimum wage.The ONLY way we can do it nowwith 51 votes is through the reconciliation process.It is absurd that some Democrats think we should tell a worker making $52,000 a year that they are "too rich" and cannot get the full $2000 benefit we promised. It makes no sense to me, nor do I think it makes sense to the American people.It cannot be overstated how powerful it will be if Amazon workers in Alabama vote to form a union. They are taking on powerful anti-union forces in a strong anti-union state, but their victory will benefit every worker in America. Im proud to stand with them.Unbelievable. There are some Dems who want to lower the income eligibility for direct payments from $75,000 to $50,000 for individuals, and $150,000 to $100,000 for couples.In other words, working class people who got checks from Trump would not get them from Biden.Brilliant!Why would we want to impeach and convict Donald Trump a president who is now out of office? Because it must be made clear that no president, now or in the future, can lead an insurrection against the government he or she is sworn to protect.Walton family wealth in 2018: $146 billion Walton family wealth in 2021: $228 billion Walmart minimum wage in 2018: $11 an hour Walmart minimum wage in 2021: $11 an hour It is a moral outrage that the richest family in America pays workers at Walmart starvation wages.The budget resolution the Senate passed today puts us on a path to finally raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. It is a moral imperative in the richest country in the world that no one is forced to live on a starvation wage, and the American Rescue Plan will get it done.The agenda of the budget resolution passed today is not the agenda of wealthy campaign contributors. It is not the agenda of the billionaire class. It is the agenda of the working people of America and with its passage we are closer to restoring their faith in our government.Not only is the $1.9 trillion emergency COVID-19 relief package the right thing to do from a moral and policy perspective, it is precisely what the overwhelming majority of Americans want us to do. Let's deliver real relief to working people everywhere. Let's get this done.Tonight, I will be on the Senate floor to get a budget framework for COVID-19 relief passed.  Republicans, on the other hand, will be offering countless amendments to delay and disrupt this process. We will not be deterred. We will get this done and deliver real relief.No one can tell me that you can live in dignity on $7.25 an hour. It's time to raise the minimum wage to $15. It is long overdue and we must do it now.We need a government that stands up for working people. That is what we promised to deliver and that is what we must do.When Republicans had control, they pushed through nearly $2 trillion in tax cuts for the wealthy and big corporations. We have the majority now, and we are going to use it to pass real relief for the working people of this country.Now is not the time to think small. It is the time to think big, and address the terrible pain and suffering Americans are experiencing right now.The Republican Party has a fundamental decision to make. Will it be a conservative party functioning within a democratic society? Or will it be an authoritarian party built upon the Big Lie, conspiracy theories and violence? It cannot be both.Im endorsing Moumita Ahmed because she understands that working class New Yorkers from diverse backgrounds built this city, and that we need leaders on the City Council who will always put them before the interests of the wealthy and the powerful.Half of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. The time is NOW to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.The issue isn't "bipartisanship or not." The issue is addressing the unprecedented crises we face right now.The economic and health crises facing working families today are unprecedented. The Democratic majority must go forward this week with a comprehensive $1.9 trillion emergency COVID bill. If the GOP could use reconciliation to benefit the rich, we can use it to benefit workers.Senate Democrats are prepared to move forward with a budget resolution. We will not wait for Republicans who always support trillions in tax cuts for the wealthy, but cant find a nickel for working class families living in great desperation.Oh look, another billionaire is mad that he might have to pay more taxes while children in America go hungry and veterans sleep on the street. Cry me a river. Yes. We will make Wall Street billionaires pay their fair share of taxes and create an economy that works for all of us.We will never get 60 votes in the Senate to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. If we are going to keep faith with millions of low wage workers, the minimum wage increase must be a part of budget reconciliation. Let us end starvation wages in America.If Democrats are to address the enormous crises facing working people, and keep faith with the campaign promises we made, we must go forward aggressively with the Senate reconciliation process. There is no alternative. Now is the time for bold action.The American people are saying to Congress: We elected you. Do something. If Democrats do not respond to their pain now, Republicans will win in 2022.If Republicans want to come on board and pass COVID relief now, lets do it.  But what we arent going to do is wait weeks and weeks to get the American people, who are living in more economic desperation than at any time since the Great Depression, the help they need.In 1994, Democrats in power lost big because they were not bold.  In 2010, it happened again.  If we do not take aggressive action NOW to protect working families, it will happen in 2022.In Vermont, we know something about the cold. And were not so concerned about good fashion.Hank Aarons ability on the field was only eclipsed by the strength and courage he showed off it. He inspired millions of us who watched him in awe. He will be deeply missed, but never forgotten.We cannot reach out to Republicans indefinitely. If they choose not to come on board to help the American people now, we have the majority. We should use that majority.President Joe Biden knows we are all in this together. During World War II, factories across the country played a role in winning the war. Today's executive action means we will use the Defense Production Act to save countless lives here at home.I stand with @newyorkerunion workers walking out today and fighting for a first union contract. The New Yorker should sit down with its workers and negotiate a fair contract in good faith.Half of American workers are living paycheck to paycheck, and millions earn starvation wages. With Democratic control of the White House, the Senate and the House, we must raise the minimum wage to a living wage $15 an hour. No excuses.Amazon doesnt want its workers to form a union because unionized workers have: - higher wages - better benefits - more control over their lives If Amazon workers in Alabama vote to form a union, that will benefit every worker in America.The bottom line is: Weve got crises. We should hear what my Republican colleagues have to say, but we are not going to spend months and months and not address the incredible pain millions of families are experiencing.Essential workers should not have to go on strike for decent pay, and no worker should be threatened for exercising their constitutional rights.  I strongly support Hunts Point Market @Teamsters strikers in their struggle for justice.As President Biden said, this country today faces unprecedented crises. The times call out for bold action. Thats what weve got to do.Joe Biden will inherit from Trump: The worst economy since the Great Depression, the worst public health crisis in 100 years, massive wealth inequality, the existential threat of climate change, a racist immigration system. These unprecedented crises demand unprecedented action.Today is the last full day of the worst and most dangerous president in American history.  For four years Trump has tried to divide our people up. Our job, now, is to bring people together around an agenda that works for all, not just the few."When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, materialism and militarism are incapable of being conquered. -Martin Luther King, Jr.This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." -Martin Luther King, Jr.The Keystone pipeline is & always has been a disaster. I'm delighted that Joe Biden will cancel the Keystone permit on his first day in office. With all of the major crises facing America, we must never lose sight of the most existential threat facing our planet: climate change.In this unprecedented moment a pandemic, an economic meltdown, right wing violence, climate change, massive wealth inequality, systemic racism we must move forward in an unprecedented way. Now is the time to stand up for working families & take on powerful special interests.For too long our country has prioritized corporate profits, tax cuts for the rich and military spending over investing in the American people. That is what I will fight to change as Senate Budget Committee Chairman.When Republicans controlled the Senate they used the reconciliation process to provide huge tax breaks for the rich and large corporations. We're going to use reconciliation to protect working families, the sick and the poor.Nearly 400,000 Americans have died from the coronavirus and the pandemic continues to soar. We need to aggressively increase vaccine production and get doses into the arms of everyone as soon as possible.Tens of thousands of lives are at stake.McDonalds paid its CEO more than $18 million in 2019.  Please don't tell me the company can't afford to pay its workers a living wage. I stand in solidarity with the workers on strike today. Together, we will increase the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.President-Elect Bidens COVID rescue plan is a good, serious start.The House of Representatives has done its job and impeached Donald Trump on a bipartisan basis. The Senate must now carry out its constitutional duty and convict Trump to ensure that neither he, nor any other president, can subvert our democracy again.In this unprecedented moment, the new Democratic majority must show that we can walk and chew bubble gum at the same time.Yes. We must impeach Trump. Yes. We must process Biden's nominees. Yes. We must pass legislation that addresses the enormous crises facing working families.Let's make it permanent by ending Citizens United, abolishing super PACs, getting big money out of politics, and moving to the public funding of elections.Let's be clear. If Trump is too dangerous to send out a tweet or a Facebook post, he's too dangerous to be commander-in-chief. Donald Trump must be removed from office immediately and held accountable for his horrific acts of sedition, violence and chaos.President-elect Biden is absolutely right. $600 is not enough for working class Americans who are struggling to pay the rent and feed their families. Our first order of business must be to pass $2,000 direct payments and major COVID-relief.Republicans didnt care about the deficit when it came to tax breaks for billionaires.  We cannot buy into their rhetoric about the deficit now.  This is a moment to invest in the American people and create millions of jobs rebuilding the economy.All over America, millions of people are worried they will not be able to pay the rent, put food on the table, purchase their prescription drugs or go to a doctor when they get sick. We must respond to their pain with a bold economic agenda not seen in this country since FDR.Jane and I send our deepest condolences to the family of Officer Brian Sicknick who died from injuries sustained protecting the Capitol.Our country has paid a heavy price for the riots that took place and the rhetoric that inspired them. This must never happen again.Some people ask: Why would you impeach and convict a president who has only a few days left in office? The answer: Precedent. It must be made clear that no president, now or in the future, can lead an insurrection against the U.S. government.Now that Democrats have power, we have to be bold in a way we have not seen since FDR in the 1930s.  The first order of business: A new COVID relief bill with $2,000 payments for every working class adult.A number of Administration officials are resigning in protest to Trumps horrific acts of sedition yesterday. Not good enough! The Vice President and cabinet members must invoke the 25th amendment NOW and remove Trump from office before he incites more violence and chaos.The man directly responsible for the chaos of today is Donald Trump, who has made it clear that he will do anything to remain in power including insurrection and inciting violence. Trump will go down in history as the worst and most dangerous president in history.Thank you to everyone who made a call, knocked a door, or made a contribution to help elect @ReverendWarnock and @ossoff. We win when we organize. We win when we build a multiracial, multigenerational coalition. We win when we make clear were on the side of the working class.With Democrats in control of the Senate, we must keep faith with the working families of this country. Promises made must be kept. That means not only the $2,000 direct payment, but an aggressive agenda that recognizes the economic desperation facing so many Americans.A $15 minimum wage, fighting climate change and expanding health care are at stake in todays Senate runoffs. Phonebank with Georgia @WorkingFamilies today to win in Georgia.Today is the day, Georgia. Your vote will decide which party controls the United States Senate and the direction of our country. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. Find your polling place atTrumps threat against the Secretary of State of Georgia is outrageous. It is the most consequential attack on American democracy in the history of our country.I stand in solidarity with @AlphabetWorkers who are organizing to form a union at Google. What these workers are fighting for is not radical. They want fair wages and a workplace free from abuse, retaliation, intimidation and discrimination. And that is exactly what they deserve.I don't often agree with Sen. Mitt Romney. But in describing the tactics of his GOP colleagues to undermine Joe Biden's victory, he is right when he says, "I could never have imagined seeing these things in the greatest democracy in the world. Has ambition so eclipsed principle?It is a sad and tragic day for our country that 140 members of the House of Representatives, 13 senators and a defeated president are attempting to undermine American democracy and our Constitution.  They will not succeed.Republican leadership has endless amounts of money for bloated military budgets and tax breaks for billionaires. But when working families need help, oh my God, we cant afford it! I am a little tired of that hypocrisy.All of a sudden Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans are worried that someone in America might get a $2,000 check "who doesn't need it." Funny. They had no problem giving a $1.4 billion tax break to Charles Koch and his family with a net worth of $113 billion. What hypocrisy!I don't know how to live anymore. Sometimes it's so hard." This family says $2,000 checks would help them pay their back rent and survive.$2000 checks is a matter of life and death for millions of Americans. Call your Senator at (202) 224-3121 and demand the Senate vote NOW on the bipartisan $2,000 direct payment legislation passed by the House of Representatives.Trump supports the $2,000 payments, Biden supports the $2,000 and the American people support $2,000. McConnell must allow a vote on the $2,000 payments now.$2000 checks for the working class passed the House of Representatives with bipartisan support.  Mitch McConnell Lets have an up or down vote in the Senate NOW, and get this done.This is about life and death for millions of people. The Senate must approve the $2000 for every working class adult.This week on the Senate floor Mitch McConnell wants to vote to override Trump's veto of the $740 billion defense funding bill and then head home for the New Year.  I'm going to object until we get a vote on legislation to provide a $2,000 direct payment to the working class.At a time when so many people are facing economic desperation, the $600 direct payment is a step forward but it's not enough. We need to increase that direct payment to $2000. Biden wants it, Trump wants it, Pelosi wants it, Schumer wants it. Now, Congress must vote to do it.Along with Vice President-elect @KamalaHarris and Sen. @EdMarkey, I've been fighting for months to get Congress to pass a $2,000 direct payment for the working class. The House must pass this legislation tomorrow and the Senate must quickly follow suit. Let's get this done NOW!Sign the bill, President Trump.In this dangerous moment COVID, oligarchy, economic desperation, climate change, a dysfunctional health care system, systemic racism, etc. we must continue fighting for a political revolution and transformative change.Nothing less than thefuture of the world is at stake.Congress must pass $2,000 in direct payments and Trump must sign the COVID-relief bill. If not, tens of millions of Americans will lose their unemployment benefits, go hungry and face eviction. This would be a level of governmental cruelty not seen in our lifetimes.That's great! I first introduced a bill to provide a $2,000 direct payment with @SenKamalaHarris & @EdMarkey 7 months ago. Now, Mr. President, get Mitch McConnell and your Republican friends to stop opposing it and we can provide working class Americans with $2,000. Let's do it.Good politics: Over the past decade, every Medicare for All co-sponsor up for re-election beat their Republican opponent every single one. Good policy: Medicare for All would save 68,000 lives and cost $650 billion LESS than our current dysfunctional healthcare system a year.Joe Biden is absolutely right. During the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, working families desperately need more direct payments to pay the rent and put food on the table. The $2,400 in direct payments that will be sent to a family of 4 is a start, but much more is needed.Republicans & some conservative Democrats thought that a $1,200 survival check for the working class was too costly. But they had no problem giving the bloated Pentagon $740 billion for weapons & war. Maybe, just maybe, it's time to fundamentally rethink our national priorities.We fought very hard to make vaccines for COVID-19 free for every man, woman & child in America. Now, we must make certain that no health insurance company, pharmacy or medical provider is able to charge the uninsured or under-insured any type of fee before they get the vaccine.I wanted $1200 in direct payments. We got $600. Will that help? Yes, it will. Is it enough? No, it is not.While Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans refused to provide adequate relief for working families facing economic desperation, they had no problem giving a $5 billion, 100% tax deduction to CEOs for a 3-martini lunch. You got it. The GOP loves corporate socialism for the rich.Maybe just maybe its time Congress listened to the American people and sent $1,200 survival checks to working class Americans who are in so much desperation right now.Never forget. The same "centrists" who tell us we cannot afford to give the working class and seniors a direct payment to pay the rent and feed their families during a pandemic, all voted to give the bloated Pentagon a record $740 billion without "paying for it." Unacceptable!We need $1200 direct payments for every working class adult and $500 for each of their kids NOW.Sen. Ron Johnson objected to my bill to provide $1,200 to working families and $500 for kids because he's "worried" about the deficit. Funny. He wasn't so worried about the deficit when he voted to give $1 trillion in tax breaks to the 1% and large corporations. What hypocrisy!Here in Georgia we know voter suppression when we see it... No matter our zip code, our age, our skin color, every voter should have a say in our democracy and access to the ballot box. -Klaire Gumbs, New Georgia ProjectVoting for @ossoff and @ReverendWarnock means two specific issues will get the attention they so deserve: climate change and racial justice Addressing these issues is the complete opposite of radical. Its common sense. -Chase Stell, President of Young Democrats of AtlantaOnce the vaccinations are out, well still be dealing with the pandemic. While Amazon and Uber are making billions in profit, essential workers and domestic workers are still out of jobs. -YT Bell, Fmr. Clarkston, GA CouncilwomanTo the young people listening: its crucial that you understand the importance of your vote Youre voting for all the people who come after us and all the people today who cannot. -First time voter, Sydney SpessardIn Georgia, our votes matter so much right now because we have the opportunity to fight for the things we want to see with one election, the most important one. -Val Barnhart, UFCW Local 1996This is a turnout election, and we know the results will be just as razor-thin as they were in November Lets get to work and elect some senators who care about all of Georgia, not just themselves.-@NikemaWilliamsTo my friends in Georgia: The stakes of the runoff elections on January 5th could not be higher. You will decide which party controls the United States Senate.Victory in the Georgia runoffs will not only remove Mitch McConnell as Majority Leader, but will go a long way in transforming this country. Join me for a virtual rally with @NikemaWilliams and more:I am happy to say as we enter the holiday season, when so many families are struggling, at least there will be direct payments for every working class adult and their children, and an extension of unemployment benefits. It is not enough, but it is progress.It is good news that the latest COVID-relief proposal now includes direct payment to every working class adult and for each of their kids. But at a time when we are facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, Congress must do more.Early voting in Georgia has begun, and there is a whole lot at stake: a $15 minimum wage, expanded health care, combating climate change and more. Join me tomorrow with @NikemaWilliams for a virtual town hall, Justice On Our Minds.I've gotten to know @ninaturner over the last five years. She deeply cares for working families and she has the heart to be an effective, unwavering fighter for them in Congress. I am proud to endorse her candidacy.The government is controlled by powerful and wealthy interests. We need to break them up to save our democracy and give people back their freedom. Join me live with @PplsAction and @econliberties.Congress cannot go home for the Christmas holidays until we begin to address the economic desperation in this country, and that means providing a $1,200 direct payment to working class adults, $2,400 for couples, and a $500 payment to their children NOW.What do progressives have to gain out of the Georgia runoff election? A $15 minimum wage. Equal pay for women. Expanded union membership. Expanded health care. Removing McConnell has Majority Leader. And much more.Georgia, YOU can remove Mitch McConnell as Majority Leader. Early voting started today, and Election Day is January 5th. Join me with @KillerMike to discuss the critical Senate runoffs in Georgia:This is what Democrats and Republicans did unanimously in March through the CARES Act. This is what we have to do today.Congress cannot go home for the Christmas holidays until we pass legislation which provides a $1,200 direct payment to working class adults, $2,400 for couples, and a $500 payment to their children.As a result of the pandemic, tens of millions of Americans are facing economic desperation. They can't afford to pay their rent and face eviction, they can't afford to go to the doctor, they can't afford to feed their children and they are going deeper and deeper into debt.While the pandemic is surging, Senate Republicans want to provide a 100% deduction for rich people to go out for three-martini lunches and 100% legal immunity for corporations. Pathetic is too mild a word.Wages subsidized by the government during pandemic:  $2,000 a month  Up to 100%  Up to 90%  Up to 87%  Up to 84%  Up to 80%  Up to 80%  0.0% That is an international embarrassment. The working class needs our help NOW!Brandon Bernard should be alive today. We must end all federal executions and abolish the death penalty. In a world of incredible violence, the state should not be involved in premeditated murder.It would be outrageous and unacceptable for members of Congress to go home when tens of millions of working families are facing economic desperation. We must act now.People all over the country are thinking: Does the government hear their pain? Does their government give a damn about them? If we rally the American people, we can make sure Congress provides at least a $1200 payment for every working class adult.I will be voting against the Defense Appropriations bill. We need to get our priorities right. At a time when we have enormous unmet needs in our country we should not be spending $740 billion on the military more than the next 10 nations combined.Corporate irresponsibility during this pandemic has led to the deaths of hundreds of workers. Legal immunity for corporations that break the law cannot be included in any Covid-relief package.Endless money for wars? No problem. Endless money for tax breaks for the rich? No problem. Endless money for corporate welfare? No problem. But when it comes to providing a $1,200 direct payment to the working class during a pandemic, somehow we can't afford it. Not acceptable.Congress must not leave for the Christmas holiday until we protect working people. That means $1200 for every working class adult, $500 for their kids and a $600 per week supplement in unemployment benefits.I applaud this effort to end Facebooks monopoly. Their greed knows no bounds, and theyve used their power to try and control too much of political and economic life all over the world. The only thing that will stop Facebook is to say enough is enough and break it up.Millions are unemployed, facing eviction, have no health insurance, and going hungry. This is an EMERGENCY, and the U.S. government must respond. Any COVID agreement must include at least $1,200 in direct payments for adults, $500 for kids and supplemental unemployment benefits.Here in Washington, when we go to war theres endless amounts of money. But when children are going hungry today, suddenly we dont have enough money. Thats wrong. Congress needs to make sure families get the help they need.The choice is clear for Georgia voters.If Congress can afford to give giant subsidies to the fossil fuel industry and a $1 trillion tax break to the top 1%, then we can afford $1200 direct payments to every working class adult in America. #PeoplesBailoutIf there was ever a moment for Congress to listen to the people, not corporations, now is that time. Join me now with @PplsAction to demand that any new COVID-relief proposal include at least $1,200 in direct payment to all working class Americans.To me it is a no-brainer: Congress must provide a $1200 direct payment to every working-class adult plus $500 for each of their children.Workers at meat processing plants, at Amazon, and around the country have been treated shamefully during this pandemic Working class Americans need $1200 payments to get them through this crisis, not immunity for corporations putting their lives at risk.The economy is in shambles. Tens of millions of Americans are suffering. At the very least, Congress must provide $1200 direct payments to every working-class adult in this country.We cannot turn our backs on families who are struggling through this pandemic. Congress must include, at the least, a $1200 direct payment to any COVID proposal which is passed.That's what the American people want.That's what we must do.Every now and then, it might be a good idea for Congress to listen to the American people, not just large corporations.11,000 workers at Tyson Foods got COVID & 36 died while managers made bets on how many would get sick. The working conditions were so bad they shook a local sheriff to his core. No, I will not vote to give corporations a license to harm workers. We must hold them accountable.The American people need help NOW! We must make sure every working class American receives at least $1,200 and that we don't give legal immunity to corporations who break the law. I will not support Manchin-Romney in its current form. We must fight together to improve it.While the COVID crisis is the worst it has ever been, Manchin-Romney not only provides no direct payments, it does nothing to address the healthcare crisis and provides totally inadequate assistance for the most vulnerable. That's wrong morally and it's wrong economically.During the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, when 1 out of 4 workers are unemployed or make less than $20,000, every working class American needs at least $1,200 to pay the rent and feed their families. Manchin-Romney provides nothing for them.Despite strong Democratic opposition, this proposal provides 100% legal immunity to corporations whose irresponsibility led to the deaths of hundreds of workers. It would continue to provide a get-out-of-jail free card to companies that put the lives of their workers at risk.Given the enormous economic desperation facing working families in this country today, I can't support this proposal unless it is significantly improved.Trump's rants about a "fraudulent election" are not a joke. They are the most significant attack against our democracy in history. If the election system's "rigged," if the media's "fake," if federal officials are part of a "deep state," who can you trust? You got it. A dictator.This is not a time to take our foot off the gas pedal. If we rally the American people, we can get a hell of a lot done.Mitch McConnell's "new" COVID relief bill gives CEOs a 100% tax deduction for a 3-martini lunch, but ZERO to the 26 million who don't have enough food to eat. Yes. The Republicans l-o-v-e corporate socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the rest. Ain't gonna happen.Hmm. What do you call a billionaire who registered a $40 million, 164-foot yacht in the Cayman Islands to avoid $2.4 million in U.S. taxes, while undermining public schools? The worst Education Secretary in the history of America. Bye-bye, Betsy DeVos. You won't be missed.During the pandemic, the pharmaceutical industry has increased the price of at least 245 prescription drugs. That is an outrage. Congress must take on the greed of the drug companies and end the absurdity of Americans paying, by far, the highest prices in the world.These are unprecedented times and Congress and the Biden administration must respond in an unprecedented way. If we are going to restore faith in the American political system, we must act boldly.The pandemic is surging and will get worse in coming months. Meanwhile, Trump raises tens of millions by undermining democracy and telling his supporters the election was "fraudulent." This is the most dangerous president in American history. Bye-bye.I'm fighting for an agenda that works for workers not the 1%.  YES to raising the minimum wage to $15/hr.  NO to tax breaks for the rich.  YES to creating millions of good jobs through a Green New Deal.  NO to billions in corporate welfare for big oil companies.Today, a worker must earn $23.96 an hour to afford a modest 2 bedroom apartment $5.74 more than the average tenant makes. As a result, 18 million families are paying over 50% of their income on housing. We need to raise wages and build 10 million units of affordable housing.Despite an explosion in technology & a huge increase in productivity, the average U.S. worker is making $30 a week less today than she/he made 47 years ago after adjusting for inflation. Meanwhile, the top 1% has become $22 trillion richer since 1990. Yes. We need a wealth tax.If Congress does not get its act together soon, up to 87 million workers will lose the paid sick and family leave they desperately need. We must expand these benefits to all workers. No worker should have to make the unacceptable choice of going to work sick or losing a paycheck.Thomas Piketty is right. At a time when the very rich are becoming much richer while working families are facing economic devastation, we need to address the obscene level of income and wealth inequality. We need to tax the extreme wealth of multi-millionaires and billionaires.I am proud to support Jon @Ossoff, along with @ReverendWarnock, for the U.S. Senate in the Georgia runoff election. Jon will fight for a $15 minimum wage, expanded health care for all and a strong COVID-19 emergency bill to help workers, small businesses and ruralhospitals.Since 1990, there has been a massive transfer of wealth from workersto the people on top. While the 1% have seen their wealth go up by $22 trillion, the bottom 50% of Americans have seen their wealth go down by $776 billion. We need a strong middle class, not an oligarchy.The United States cannot continue to be the only major country not to guarantee health care to all. Too many people are unnecessarily dying, getting sick or going bankrupt because of this cruel and dysfunctional system. Health care is a human right, not a privilege. Let's do it.Progressives are leading the fight against oligarchy and for a strong middle class, against authoritarianism and for democracy. This country will not survive economically or politically when so few have so much, and so many live in desperation.Half of our people live paycheck to paycheck, 500,000 are homeless, 92 million are uninsured or underinsured and millions struggle with oppressive student debt. A new Congress, on day one, must address the enormous economic suffering facing working families.In this difficult time, Jane and I want to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving.We are especially mindful of those families who have lost loved ones during the pandemic, and who will feel those losses so keenly today.Best wishes to all.The year 2020 has been very difficult for mental health. The pandemic, isolation and economic downturn has greatly increased depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation. When we talk about real health care reform, we mean a major expansion of mental health services.As we approach Thanksgiving, a very special thanks must go out to the millions of courageous doctors, nurses and all health care workers who are putting their lives on the line battling this horrific pandemic. You are true heroes and heroines. Thank you.Yesterday, Trump took full credit for the 30,000 Dow Jones, but took zero credit for 260,000 Americans who died from COVID, 40 million who face eviction or 26 million who don't have enough food to eat on Thanksgiving.  No, Mr. President. The stock market is not the economy.The Democrats must make it clear: Do we stand with the struggling working class of this country, or powerful special interests?Workers in the richest country in the world should not have to go on strike to get the PPE and staffing they need to do their job. I stand with @SEIU health care workers and all essential workers fighting for theirrights and our collective safety.If Amazon workers in Alabama a strong anti-union state vote to form a union, it will be a shot heard around the world. If they can negotiate higher wages and better working conditions in the South, it will benefit every worker in America. I strongly support their efforts.Our young people are the most progressive generation in U.S. history, and they're making their voices heard. As a result of a huge increase in voter turnout, people under 30 played a major role in Biden's victory. They are transforming America.There are a lot of good reasons to veto the Defense Bill, including it's $740 billion cost. But Trump's reason is not one of them. Yes. In the year 2020, American troops should not be living in army bases named after Confederate military leaders who fought to defend slavery.All workers are entitled to decent wages and working conditions, which is why I stand with the Amazon warehouse workers in Alabama exercising their constitutional right to form a union. Mr. Bezos, the wealthiest person in America, must not interfere in this election.Health care is a human right, not a job benefit.We cannot continue spending twice as much per capita as any other country, while 92million are uninsured or under-insured, and 68,000 die unnecessarily each year.Medicare for All is coming sooner or later.Let's make it sooner.We must never "normalize" authoritarianism. In ways that would've been beyond belief a few years ago, Trump and his team, through outrageous lies and conspiracy theories, are undermining American democracy. They must not and will not succeed.Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Trump, the most dangerous president ever, golfs and sends out bogus tweets in an outrageous and desperate attempt to overturn an election he lost by more than 6 million votes. Bye-bye, Trump. You will not destroy American democracy.This is what Georgia's senate runoff elections mean: strong COVID relief, $15 minimum wage, expanded healthcare, tackling climate change, addressing systemic racism and immigration reform and removing Mitch McConnell as Majority Leader. Let's do it.In 2016, when Trump won MI, PA and WI by 77, 000 votes, it was part of his "landslide" victory.  In 2020, when Biden won MI, PA and WI by 255,000 votes, and won the popular vote by 6 million, it was "voter fraud." We will not allow Trump to destroy American democracy.It is beyond pathetic for a sitting president to try to subvert the results of an election. It is even worse when the Republican Party, with few exceptions, remains silent over this outrageous attack on democracy.The GOP has ceased to be a political party. It is now a cult.We must do everything possible to make me sure we become a vibrant democracy, and that means doing the exact opposite of what Trump and his authoritarian friends want to do.Trump wants to destroy American democracy. We want to expand it.  We must put an end to:  The electoral college. The disastrous Citizens United decision.  Voter suppression. Outrageous gerrymandering. Democracy means one person, one vote.Taxpayers are subsidizing some of the wealthiest families and most profitable corporations in America. That is morally obscene and it's going to change. Workers need to earn a living wage.This is what authoritarianism looks like:  Trump not conceding after losing.  Sen. Graham pressuring Secretaries of State to not count ballots.  Michigan GOP pushing to not certify state's election results.  Giuliani creating fiction.If Congress doesn't act immediately, 12 million Americans will see all of their unemployment benefits expire the day after Christmas. Meanwhile, the only thing GOP Senators are interested in is confirming right-wing judges and trying to delegitimize the election. Pathetic.The major political conflict we face now is not over policy.It's about whether or not we remain a democracy.Frighteningly, many Republican officials are abandoning the rule of law to become part of the Trump authoritarian cult.We will fight back and win.If we can provide over $1 trillion in tax breaks to the top 1% and large corporations and $740 billion for the bloated Pentagon, please don't tell me that we cannot afford to cancel all student debt and make public colleges and trade schools tuition-free and debt-free for all.Joe Biden is absolutely right. Standing up for working families means making sure that government contracts are only given to companies that make products in the United States. No more corporate welfare to companies that throw American workers out on the street and move abroad.I always find it amusing when our opponents talk about the far-left agenda. The truth is our ideas are common sense ideas that the majority of the American people support.Donald Trump will go down in history not just as a racist, sexist, xenophobe and religious bigot. He will be remembered as a demagogue who, more than anyone else, attempted to undermine the rule of law and destroy American democracy. He will not be missed.Over 1,000 Americans are dying each day from the coronavirus. 40 million Americans face eviction. 92 million Americans are uninsured or under-insured. It's time for the Republicans to stop trying to delegitimize the election and work with us to pass a COVID-19 relief bill NOW!No figure in history has done more to undermine American democracy than Donald Trump.His "birther" movement tried to delegitimize the Obama presidency.His refusal to accept defeat now is trying to undermine the Biden presidency.Goodbye Trump.Happy to hear @RoKhanna is in the mix for U.S. Senate.Ro was a co-chair of my presidential campaign, has a bold vision for America and is a proven fighter for working people.The refusal of Republican leaders to acknowledge the results of the presidential election is not just an attack on Biden. It is an attack on American democracy, and shows the degree to which the Republican party is moving toward authoritarianism.We are making progress in reforming a broken and racist criminal justice system. New prosecutors across the country are being elected who want to end the "war on drugs." Instead of throwing more people in jail, they want to address the causes of crime.Narcissist in Chief.While the pandemic rages across the country, Trump spends his day plotting how he can overturn the election results. Fortunately, we will soon have a president who believes in science and who is prepared to serve the American people, not himself.The business model of Wells Fargo & its disgraced former CEO John Stumpf is fraud. The $2.5 million fine he paid for scamming customers will allow him to walk away with over $200 million. Unacceptable. We must make sure that no bank is too big to fail & no CEO is too big to jail.Americans killed in World War I: Over 116,000 Americans killed in Vietnam War: Over 58,000 Americans killed in Korean War: Over 36,000 Americans killed by the coronavirus: Over 242,000 The COVID-19 pandemic is a humanitarian disaster. Please wear a mask.The pandemic is surging, and tens of millions of Americans are facing economic devastation. The Senate needs to pass a real stimulus package NOW that provides $2,000 a month to the working class, $600 a week to the unemployed and expands Medicare to all.Instead of fighting to defeat the COVID-19 pandemic that has killed over 242,000 Americans, the Trump administration is spending its final days in office fighting a bogus voter "fraud" problem that does not exist. Pathetic. The Biden-Harris Administration cannot come soon enough.No, Secretary Pompeo. There won't be a transition to a second Trump term. The race has been called. Joe Biden will be our next president. How can you lecture other governments to respect democracy and the will of their people when you dont have the decency to do so yourself?112 co-sponsors of Medicare for All were on the ballot in November. All 112 won. 98 co-sponsors of the Green New Deal were on the ballot. Only one lost. Our proposals are not just good policy. They are good politics.The American people want a government that works for all, not just the few. Thats the right thing to do, thats the moral thing to do and, for the Democratic Party, that is the way to win elections.What Trump is doing right now is delegitimizing our electoral process and American democracy.Today is a day to honor the extraordinary sacrifice and bravery of our veterans and their families, and make certain they get all the benefits they need and were promised. And we must continue striving for a world of peace, not war. #VeteransDayDefeating Trump and electing Joe Biden was a beginning. Now the progressive movement is going to rally the American people around an agenda that works for working people.When we talk about the destructiveness of this terrible COVID-19 pandemic we must not ignore what it has done to mental health. Depression: up. Anxiety: up. Suicidal ideation: up. At the federal, state and local levels we must address the mental health crisis impacting America.If we ended Citizens United... If we stopped billionaires from buying politicians... If we moved to the public funding of elections... If we abolished the electoral college... The political reality of America would be fundamentally different for the better. Let's get it done.112 co-sponsors of Medicare for All were on the ballot. All of them won. 98 co-sponsors of the Green New Deal were on the ballot. Only 1 lost.  Supporting Medicare for All and the Green New Deal is not just good public policy.  It is also good politics.47% of workers in Georgia make less than $15 an hour and 71% of voters in Georgia support increasing the federal minimum wage. If Democrats take back the Senate, we will increase the minimum wage from a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour to a living wage of at least $15 an hour.Every year, 68,000 Americans die because they can't afford to go to a doctor on time almost 200 people a day. Health care is a human right. Lack of health care is a death sentence. We must guarantee health care to everyone through a Medicare for All, single-payer program.With the coronavirus pandemic surging, it's refreshing to see new leadership coming into power who actually believe in science. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris understand that our first order of business must be to defeat this deadly virus. Let's get it done!Joe Biden will win the popular vote by over 4 million votes. The Democratic nominee for president has now won the popular vote in 7 out of the last 8 elections. One person, one vote. Democracy must rule. Yes. We should abolish the electoral college.Florida passed a $15 minimum wage Montana, South Dakota, Arizona & New Jersey legalized marijuana Colorado passed 12 weeks of paid family leave Arizona increased taxes on the rich to fund education All over America, voters approved a progressive agenda. Now, Congress must actToday is a day of celebration. We have accomplished something that our children, grandchildren and future generations will look back upon and say to us, Thank you.This election was about whether or not we remain a country that believes in the Constitution, that believes in the rule of law and that believes in democracy.  And thank God, democracy won out.Congratulations to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris for their historic win.In this incredibly difficult moment in American history, I wish them the best as they attempt to bring our nation together around an agenda of economic, social, racial and environmental justice.I want to congratulate all those who worked so hard to make this historic day possible. Now, through our continued grassroots organizing, let us create a government that works for ALL and not the few. Let us create a nation built on justice, not greed and bigotry.Tonight, as we celebrate Joe Bidens apparent election victory, we understand that our struggle is not over. It has just begun.The youth of this country are leading the fight for economic, social, racial and environmental justice. And they made all the difference in this election by voting in huge numbers.Yes.When we stand together we can create a nation based on justice, not greed and bigotry.I want to thank progressive grassroots organizations for their extraordinary efforts in helping to make Biden's victory possible.Together, you built widespread support for Biden among young people, people of color and the working class. Congratulations.Let's keep going forward.Undermining the legitimacy of an electionwhat Trump is doing now, and in fact has done for monthsis how demagogues destroy faith in democracy and move us toward authoritarianism.In 2016, when Trump won PA, MI, and WI by a handful of votes, the election system worked just great. Now that he's losing, it's a "fraud" and they're "stealing the election." This is how demagogues destroy faith in democracy and move us toward authoritarianism. Count every vote!The American people understand that health care is a human right, needed by all. Let's unite our country. Let's do what the American people want. Let's pass Medicare for all.Count every vote.Now, in this unprecedented moment, is the time to reaffirm our belief in democracy and to give states the time they need to count every ballot so that the will of the American people is heard. That's what this country is about and must always be about.If you are in line by the time polls close at your site, you are entitled to vote. Stay in line. Make your voice heard.Election Day should be a national holiday.Let's be clear. This election won't be over when Trump says it's over. It will be over after every vote is counted. That includes mail-in ballots postmarked on Election Day, as well as military ballots. This is a democracy. Whether Trump likes it or not, we count every vote.If this campaign has shown us anything it is that Congress must pass real election reform. No more voter suppression. No more five-hour waiting lines to vote. No more threats to not count mail-in ballots. We must make it easier for people to vote, not harder.During the course of this campaign we have held19virtual rallies in battleground states, and 11virtual rallies with young people, workers, the Latino community, climate change activists and criminal justice activists.It's all coming down to today.Trump must go. VOTE.This is not just an election between Trump and Biden. This election is about democracy vs. authoritarianism and democracy must win. The first way to do that is to get out and vote in overwhelming numbers and defeat Trump the most dangerous president in American history.Get out there and vote. Remember: the real works starts as soon as the election is done. -@lascafeterasTo all my fellow Iowans and rural voters, please go out and vote. And vote progressive. Thank you for performing at tonights rally, @emoenmusic!The bottom line is: We have to pass Medicare for All Other developed nations have figured this out. Why havent we? -@JamaalBowmanNYIf we want health care for this country, we have to put the government back in the hands of the people. Who better to serve us than us. -@paulajean2020When people try to throw at me the myths surrounding Medicare for All, I get to dispel every single one of them. Its one of my favorite things to do. -@JulieOliverTXI think we have forgotten in this country what it means to have this idea of health care as a right. As something so fundamental to us that everyone should have it and the government should pay for it. -@PramilaJayapalWere going to be flipping Michigan, Im excited about it. And just one last thing: I just really want to see [Trump's] face when we win big. It has to be big, yall. -@RashidaTlaibWho is standing in the way of the better life that we all want. Because it isnt immigrants it isnt people receiving food stamps. There are wealthy interests in this country that would like nothing more than to see us fight amongst ourselves. @Kunkel4Congress"Tomorrow it is critical that we come out and vote, but it's also very, very critical that we continue pushing, we continue persisting and creating a country that is just." @SDGeorgetteA growing majority of people recognize the future will be better when we raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, when we unionize more workplaces, when we enact Medicare for All and a Green New Deal. @BethDoglio"I know that history has tried to sanitize the movement and to make it a digestible soundbite... that Rosa sat and Martin marched and John crossed a bridge and suddenly we had equality and civil rights. Were still in the civil rights movement. @AyannaPressley"It was 30 years ago that [Bernie] and I and Maxine Waters, Lane Evans, Ron Dellums and Tom Adams founded the Progressive Caucus. There were six of us. Six. Now its the second largest caucus in the House. @DeFazio4Oregon"Dump Trump. Ditch Mitch. Save America. That's the mantra. Let's get it done." @JeffMerkleyMy very core belief, whats in the deepest part of my soul, is that all human beings are inherently equal in worth, in rights and in dignity. Justice means living that out in the world. @Audrey4CongressWe are going to get health care coverage for every single person in this country. We are going to get debt-free education for every person who wants it. @donnaimamTXI want you to imagine a democracy where teachers and nurses and essential workers who aspire to run for office can mount competitive campaigns even if they dont come from money. -@MondaireJones"I'm so absolutely thrilled that this movement is not only succeeding but that it's growing... The fact of the matter is that the momentum is on our side." @AOCWhat Im so excited about now is not just that were going to rid ourselves of the curse of Trump, but that a civic community spirit of solidarity, that were all in it together. @WelchForVTRight now everything is on the line and we will not allow people to use fear, hatred, to incite violence to control our democracy. That ends today. @Bradshaw2020Youve already heard the news. Weve already got record-breaking turnout [in Texas]. In my district, 366,000 people have already voted, which is the most ever, and we havent had Election Day yet. -@SiegelForTexasIm in this place right now because people showed up to vote Show up, vote, stand up and make sure everybody in this country knows we are people strong. -@CoriBush"People recognize that this is not just a battle for the soul of our democracy, that it is a battle for a better future, for a progressive future." -@IlhanMNWhatever you can do in the next 24 hours if you can friend bank, phonebank, do visibility for elections, we are on the cusp of victory. The polls are good but polls dont vote, voters do. @MarkPocan"People want to make sure we don't just return to how things were that in the next two years, if they entrust us with the House, the Senate, and the presidency, that two years later we're going to actually have improved their lives." @RoKhannaDefeating Trump is necessary as a first step, but we cannot and must not go back to business as usual.Tomorrow, we can not only defeat Trump. We can build a progressive future. Our agenda is on the ballot. Join Bernies huge virtual rally featuring over 20 progressive candidates now:Fire Trump. Keep Fauci. Wear a mask. End the war on science. VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!TONIGHT: Join me and more than 20 progressive candidates who are running to transform our country so it works for all of us, not just the wealthy. Our agenda is on the ballot. Watch at at 9:15 pm ET.WE WILL WIN NEVADA: Let us stand together, elect Joe Biden and create a nation for all of us. Join our Nevada GOTV rally:Texas is changing, too. Young people are going to make up almost 40% of the electorate and we will not stop after November 3rd. This is a life-long commitment to justice. Ofelia Alonso, @texrisingWhen Trump scapegoats immigrants and attacks them, it is our communities [in South Texas] that are feeling the terror We are tired of being spoken about and not heard from. -@JCisnerosTXI am asking you tonight to find someone to bring to the polls. It may be uncomfortable to reach out to your friends to vote. But it is better to be uncomfortable today than to be uncomfortable on Wednesday morning if Trump wins by a few votes.Voters in Texas and around the country are shattering records. Dont let up. Lets do all we can the next two days to defeat Trump and defeat him badly. Join our live town hall now with @JCisnerosTX:Then Trump will continue his lies about voter fraud in an attempt to suppress enough votes to win. We will not allow that to happen. Every vote must and will be counted. 3/3As I have warned many times, Trump is very likely to declare himself the winner at a moment when a large portion Republican-leaning, in-person votes have been counted, but before a vast number of Democratic mail-in ballots are counted. 2/3This comes as no surprise. It has been Trumps strategy for months, and nobody should fall for it. Its why he is demonizing mail-in ballots and sabotaging the postal service. 1/3Texas, not only do we have an opportunity to defeat Trump this Tuesday, but we have a chance to send progressives like @donnaimamTX to fight for our agenda in Congress.MINNESOTA: Turn in your ballots now! Go to to find a ballot drop-off or voting location near you.What America leads in:  #1: Covid-19 cases #1: Medical debt #1: Prescription drug prices #1: Deaths from lack of insurance #1: Student debt #1: Prisoners #1: Gun violence #1: Military spending #1: Trade deficit #1: Billionaires We need to change our national priorities.The polls look good.So what.That doesn't mean anything.This will be a very close race in state after state after state.In the next 3 days please do all you can to get everyone you know to vote.We can't have 4 more years of Trump.Our agenda is on the ballot.  Let's beat Trump. Let's win progressive victories.  Let's create a nation for all of us. Join our last rally before Election Day, Monday night atTogether, we can turn Texas blue and soundly defeat Trump.  Join us tomorrow for our virtual town hall, Fighting for Justice in South Texas, featuring @JCisnerosTX.  Watch at 6 pm CT / 7 pm ET atIn our struggle to build a compassionate nation with justice for all, we will only succeed by standing together. The first step is to vote by November 3rd. Join our GOTV rally with @KeithEllison now:Let's win Minnesota. Let's defeat Donald Trump. Let's go forward and create a nation that works for all people. Join our Minnesota for Biden Rally starting soon at 6 ET:When you hear people telling you this is the most important election in our lifetimes, theyre not kidding. This election is not just about the economy, climate change, education and health care. This is about whether we retain American democracy.You know it, I know and Trump and the Republicans know it: If young people vote in large numbers, Trump is going to lose and he will lose badly. Join me and Michigan college students now:Students can be the ones in this election to ensure we send Donald Trump packing. Join me at 4 pm ET for a virtual Michigan GOTV rally:Congratulations to the hundreds of thousands of courageous women in Poland who are out on the streets standing up for democracy and the right to control their own bodies.Here's Trump's election strategy: -Suppress the vote -Intimidate voters -Prevent mail-in ballots from being counted This election is not just Biden vs. Trump. It's about retaining our democracy. Trump must go. VOTE!In 2016 Trump won Wisconsin by a fraction of a percent. The stakes are too high for that to happen again. Make a plan to vote if you havent already, and join our rally now with @MarkPocan and more:Today at 12 pm CT / 1 pm ET: I will be joining @TeamJoe for a virtual rally to help get out the vote in Wisconsin. Join us and make sure your friends and family are voting!Lies, lies and more lies. More COVID-19 cases reported yesterday than ever, and Trump says we are "rounding the corner." Doctors risk their lives to treat us, and Trump says they are profiteering from COVID deaths. We must end the pathological lying. Vote him out!We must elect Joe Biden because we need a president who, unlike Trump, will listen to science in order to address this pandemic.Strong progressives who will represent our movement and lead the fight to transform this country are running at the state and local level everywhere. If you haven't voted yet, take a look at the down-ballot candidates I've endorsed in your state:This country sends people to the moon. We have sophisticated guided missile systems. And yet in places like Georgia people are waiting in seven- or eight-hour lines to vote.  That is not an accident. It is voter suppression, and it is what Republican leadership wants.Theres an opportunity to flip the Georgia House and Georgia Senate Our minimum wage, which is currently $5.15, theres an opportunity to raise that. Our elected officials are not embarrassed by it and now is the opportunity to fire them. -@nseufot, CEO @NewGAProjectIm so glad the rest of the country is now paying attention to what weve known for a couple of years, yall: Georgias in play. -Staci Fox, @PPSE_Advocates President & CEOIm not afraid of the 300,000 Black men who are registered but havent voted yet. Im afraid of the system that stops reaching out to them. -John R. Taylor III, Co-Chair, Black Male Initiative of GeorgiaWe are working as hard as we can to turn Georgia blue. Were that close, folks. -James Williams, President @MobilizeLaborThe state of Georgia is well known for rampant voter suppression. Every election cycle were faced with the stories of last minute precinct closures, fear tactics I wont stop until our democracy is fully realized for all of us. -Georgia State Sen. @NikemaWilliamsHeres three reasons why this is the most important election in our lifetimes: 1. The president is a pathological liar. 2. He does not respect rule of law. 3. We cannot have a government that does not believe in science.Some people ask what an old Jewish white guy has in common with young women of color like @AOC, @AyannaPressley, @IlhanMN and @RashidaTlaib. We understand each other. We come from working class backgrounds. And were going to go forward together.Trump and Republican governors dont want you to vote. Weve got to fight back and the first step is to create a historic turnout in Georgia and nationwide. Join us live with @NikemaWilliams and more:No, Mr. President. Wearing a mask is not "politically correct." We're not "rounding the corner." You haven't ended the pandemic. We are breaking records for COVID-19 hospitalizations, deaths and cases because of your rejection of science. And that is why you must be defeated.We need strong progressives in Congress to fight for and win policies that work for the working class, not just the 1%. Im proud to support Rep. @dana_balters campaign for U.S. House.Rep. @DeFazio4Oregon is one of the co-founders of the House Progressive Caucus and continues to fight to protect and expand Social Security, raise wages and defend our planet from polluters. Lets re-elect Peter to Congress..@JeffMerkley is fighting to improve the lives of working families and to ensure we leave behind a planet that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandkids. Oregon, be sure to re-elect Jeff to the U.S. Senate on Tuesday.TONIGHT at 8:30 pm ET: join our Fighting for Justice in Georgia town hall at Let's win in Georgia, win this election, and send Donald Trump packing.Our federal minimum wage has been stuck at $7.25 since 2009, which the longest stretch since it was first adopted in 1938 that its been frozen. Tsedeye Gebreselassie, director of work quality at NELP ActionImagine a future of work where our voices are heard, where we can take pride in what we do and have the time to share in the moments that really matter for our families. This is all possible in America. -@aijenpooIt is no accident that people of color have been on the front lines of these crises and are risking their lives for less than $15 an hour. -@MaryKayHenryWhen we go to vote, it is not enough to think about Trump all of the time. We must also think about what we have got to do to improve the lives of tens of millions of people today who are hurting.When we increase the minimum wage to $15 an hour, one in three women will benefit, one in three Latinos will benefit, four in ten Black workers will benefit. -@KamalaHarrisA living wage is on the ballot this election. When Joe Biden is president, millions of American workers will get a much-deserved raise. Join me now with @KamalaHarris, @MaryKayHenry and @aijenpoo:This campaign is not simply about defeating Donald Trump. It's about higher wages, equal pay, guaranteed paid family and medical leave, guaranteed childcare, and fighting climate change by creating millions of good-paying jobs.Young people are the most progressive generation in history. And now, finally, they are voting in large numbers. This is a major step forward for the political revolution and goes beyond defeating Trump. It is the beginning of the transformation of American society. Let's do it!Today, millions of workers are facing economic desperation: unemployment, low wages, lack of health care, unaffordable housing. Join me, @KamalaHarris and other pro-worker advocates on an 8 pm ET livestream as we discuss the best way forward. Watch atAbout 60,000 people a year die unnecessarily because they are not adequately insured. That's 164 people every day. We must continue the fight to make health care in the United States a human right through a Medicare for All single-payer program.Georgia is incredibly important in this election, and we must make sure we have historic voter turnout to defeat Trump and elect progressives up and down the ballot. Join our Fighting for Justice in Georgia town hall Friday night at 8:30 pm ET atThe pandemic is surging, weve lost over 225,000 people already, hospitals are being filled to capacity and Trump is doing the opposite of what doctors and scientists tell us we have to do.We as a society have operated from a place of cynicism for quite a while and it hasnt worked out so well But we are the workers, and we are the builders. So let a new world be born from our bricks. -@_dotgov, Creative Director of @sunrisemvmtWe had two young men who were overtaken by wildfires just a few days ago [Climate change] is not a policy debate for us. Its our brothers and sisters literally fighting for their lives out there. -Zac Unger, Oakland Firefighters Union PresidentHere in Tennessee, right now, we have farmers who are being phased out of farming and not able to pass it down because of whats going on when it comes to climate. -@Bradshaw2020[Climate change] is a justice issue... Even the wealthy among us, but especially the poornone of us can escape it. It is an all-encompassing system. -@dwallacewellsTragicallyand I say this not from a political perspectivebut tragically, we have a president who does not believe in science.The suffering and pain and dying of our planet and our people isnt going to magically go away The first step is going to be electing people who believe in science. -@MarkRuffaloIt is not an exaggeration to say the future of our planet is at stake in this election. We simply cannot afford four more years of Trump and his climate denial. Join me live now with @MarkRuffalo:Let me just say to people who may be wondering whether this election is important. This isnt an esoteric or academic issue. This election matters and it matters big time.It could well be that Texas is going to transform politics in America.Walter Wallace should be alive today, and our thoughts are with his loved ones. The police responsible for murdering him in front of his mother instead of getting him the medical attention he needed should be arrested, investigated, and prosecuted by the Justice Department.My message to young people is this: More than any other group of people, this election is vitally important to you. Your vote matters. Make sure you cast it.This election is about whether we pass a $15/hour living wage and give a raise to 40 million people or see more of Trumps attacks on workers. Tune in Thursday at 8 pm ET for a virtual rally with me, @KamalaHarris, @aijenpoo, @MaryKayHenry and more on Fighting for a Living Wage."These past four years have been a collective traumatic experience for so many in our country. But in the face of that trauma, we galvanized a movement. We arent afraid. Were angryand together, we will take back our future." @CoriBushTrump on COVID-19: -We're "rounding a corner." -Dr. Fauci is an "idiot." -"Don't be afraid of COVID." Trump's anti-science attitude is why 225,000 Americans are dead and why the pandemic is surging nationwide. We need a president who believes in science, not right-wing rhetoric.I hope Americans watching this will listen to what @DUALIPA has to say about health care in the UK. Guaranteeing health care as a right isnt radical. Its what every other major country already does.This election is about the absurdity of the very rich getting richer while 90 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured and tens of millions work for starvation wages. A new Democratic Senate must take on the billionaires and fight for a struggling working class. VOTE!This election is not just about the future of our country it is about the future of our planet. Join me and @MarkRuffalo this Wednesday for a virtual town meeting on the climate crisis. Tune in at 8 pm ET atDoes anybody care? Half of our people live paycheck to paycheck, and millions face hunger, eviction and lack of health care. If McConnell won't do it, we will. The first job of a new Democratic Senate will be passing a major coronavirus stimulus bill protecting working families.Trump and his friends are trying to make it harder for poor people, people of color and young people to vote. That is an outrage.Today, White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows said, We are not going to get control of the pandemic. The Trump administration would rather let tens of thousands of Americans unnecessarily die than listen to scientists and create a national plan. They must be defeated.If you live in New York and, like me, want to take on wealthy and powerful interests to build a country that works for all of us, please vote for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris on the @workingfamilies party line.I have known Joe Biden for many years. Despite our our differences, I can vouch for his decency and his belief in our democracy. We simply cannot re-elect a president who does not believe in the rule of law and our constitution.Joe Biden understands that a $7.25 minimum wage is a starvation wage. When he is president, 40 million Americans will get a much-deserved pay raise to $15 an hour.How absurd is it that the White House itself has become a super-spreader of this virus?The sad truth is tens of thousands of Americans have died, who should not have died, because President Trump and this administration were not prepared for this pandemic.America cannot be a model to the world if we continue to have a president who is a pathological liar, who does not believe in the rule of law and who undermines democracy.What we hope is that on November 3rd, that we're not facing just an end, but we're facing a beginning because November 3rd is the day that we begin to rebuild this society. PA State Rep. @SummerForPA[We] are working to build a more just, humane and free society Where the misery of the many is not seen as an acceptable price to pay for the comfort and the decadence of the few. -PA State Rep. @InnamoWhat happens in Pennsylvania in 10 days will decide the course of the country and the world. Join melivein Rankin with @JohnFetterman, @SummerForPA and @Innamo. Make a plan to vote:There's only one presidential candidate who is endangering Social Security, Donald Trump. Trump's plan to defund Social Security by eliminating the payroll tax would bankrupt it in four yearsan absolute disaster for seniors and people with disabilities. Trump must be defeated.No, Mr. President. We're not "rounding the turn" on COVID-19. Just yesterday, we set a new record for cases. Over 130,000 Americans who died from this virus would be alive today if you had just listened to the scientists and adopted their recommendations. Trump must be defeated.It can be a bit uncomfortable to tell your friends and neighbors they've got to vote. But it'll be a hell of a lot more uncomfortable if Trump wins. Lets be uncomfortable for the next 11 days. Lets have the highest voter turnout in history and send Trump packing. #VoteEarlyToo many people have fought and died to protect our democracy. We are not going to let Trump destroy democracy.We have ten days to defeat Trump. Join me and @SEIU in Pittsburgh for a socially distant event on early voting and canvassing your friends and family.I dont care if you are a progressive, a moderate, or even a conservative. Understand: we have a president who is working day and night to undermine American democracy. Trump must go.The future of health care, our climate, our education system and so much more is at stake in this election. That's why it is imperative we elect @JoeBiden. Join me live for our Unity Town Hall now:Last night, Trump attacked socialized medicine. Funny. I didnt hear him complain when he received the best socialized medical care in the world for free at a 100% government-run hospital.If Trump is re-elected, we will be on defense for the next four years. I want to go on the offensive. We must elect Joe Biden, and then rally the American people to transform this country.Last night Trump said we are "rounding the corner" on the pandemic. Really? Yesterday a record-breaking 77,640 Americans tested positive for COVID-19up 40% since July. Trumps lies and his rejection of science have cost us tens of thousands of lives. We need a new president.If we are going to advance a progressive agenda, we must defeat Trump badly and protect our democracy.  Tonight at 8 p.m. ET, join me and some great progressive leaders for a Unity Town Hall on how we must elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.Last night Trump attacked Medicare for All as "socialized medicine." Funny. I didn't hear him complain when he received the best socialized medicine in the world for free at a 100% government run hospital. Yup. Trump loves socialism for himself, rugged individualism for the rest.Public sector workers in Iowa represented by @SEIULocal199, @AFSCME, and @cogsunion are being forced to vote whether to keep their union. The law is unjust and anti-worker, but workers can stand together and win. Vote YES for your union by Oct. 27.Thank you to @PplsAction and all the people around the country who shared their stories. Let's get it done. Make a plan to vote now!A lot of powerful people and corporations are counting on you to not make your voice heard. Do not give them that satisfaction. Weve got to fight back, and the first step forward is to vote by November 3rd.Unbelievable. In the middle of a pandemic, Trump wants to throw tens millions of people off of health insurance, instead of expanding care. Do not let him get away with it. Yes. We will vote in massive numbers and not only defeat him, but defeat him very badly.More than any other group of people I can think of, it has been the Native American people who have told all of us that you cannot go to war against the environment and expect to have an environment thats supportive of us.Education is a work of heart, but we need support to sustain that commitment. Please, please, please vote to protect our students and our public schools. Mallory Cook, Maine high school teacherThis year marked the 10th anniversary of the horrible Supreme Court court decision known as Citizens United We shouldnt just accept a political system of the lobbyist, by the corporation and for the bottom line. -Maine State Sen. @justinchenetteWall Street, the health insurance industries, the pharmaceutical industries, theyre going to be fine. But its little people like us who dont have anyone, we dont have the big lobbyists We have been left behind. @SenTroyJacksonI know there are folks out there who are disgusted with politics and dont see the relevance of voting. I hope you will reconsider. I hope you will see, at a time when we have millions of people who need help, this is not an election any of us can afford to sit out.In Maine and around the country, we need to generate a historic turnout to defeat Trump and defeat him badly. Join me for a live town hall now with @SenTroyJackson and grassroots Mainers:As goes Texas, so goes America. A high voter turnout in Texas will mean progressive victories up and down the ballot, and it will ensure defeat for Donald Trump.Lets wake up the day after the election knowing we did everything we could to defeat Trump in Michigan, one of the most important states in this election. Chip in now to support @RashidaTlaibs efforts to get out the vote now!Pathetic. Mitch McConnell is prepared to leave millions of working class Americans without income or food. A new Democratic Senate will, immediately, pass a major stimulus bill that restores the $600 a week unemployment supplement and other benefits that workers desperately need.What is your plan to vote?While Donald Trump paid just $750 in U.S. federal income taxes during the first year of his presidency, he paid $188,561 in taxes to China. How's that for America first? So much, Mr. President, for standing up to the big, bad communist government of China. What a fraud.TONIGHT: Join me at 6 pm ET for a town hall focused on how we must generate huge voter turnout in Maine and address the issues affecting Mainers today. Watch atWe have to end then for-profit schemes that are embedded into mass incarceration The corrections budget is the #1 line budget in the state of Michigan and I cant get clean water into 60 of the schools in this neighborhood I live in.@RashidaTlaibThere are people out there who quite intentionally do not want you to vote. Why is that? Because they are content with a government that is dominated by big money interests. Chip in at to help us GOTV in Michigan now.I am here because we are all in the boat together, and we are all going to sink or swim together on Nov. 3. And I dont want to sink. Id rather swim with you and everybody else to save this country and save this democracy. @MMFlintAs an American, one of our greatest rights is to go out there and vote and have a say in our government It starts with our vote if we want change. @Oday_Aboushi75I think every Americans got a right to quality health care, period... And change comes when weve been through these kinds of hard times. @DebDingellWe are just 14 days from the most important election in our modern history. Join me and @RashidaTlaib to answer your questions about this critical election with guests @DebDingell, @MMFLint and more:The real looting in America is 644 billionaires becoming $931 billion richer during a pandemic, while Republicans continue to deny 25 million+ unemployed Americans the $600/week they need to pay for rent & put food on the table. We need an economy that works for all, not the 1%.This week there will be a bill in the Senate that would provide the support millions of families desperately need. I say to my Republican colleagues: Stop listening to Donald Trump. Stop listening to your wealthy campaign contributors. Pass that bill.California, we can make history in November. Lets elect @SDGeorgette to the Congress where she will fight for a progressive agenda and help transform our nation so it works for all of our people.Together, we can win Michigan, defeat Donald Trump, and create a country that works for all of us, not just the 1%. Join me and @RashidaTlaib today at 7 p.m. ET for a virtual town hall with guests @DebDingell, @Oday_Aboushi75 and @MMFlint. Watch atWe must defeat Trump on Nov. 3rd. But that's not all we have to do. With a Democratic Congress and a strong grassroots movement, we must take on the billionaire class and the corporate elite and create an economy that works for all, and not the few. Now is the time.We will not have a strong economy and save lives unless we roll back the COVID virus. We will not roll back COVID until we have a president who believes in science. Trump is a danger to our health and our economy, and on Nov. 3rd we will get rid of him.People are tired of listening to Fauci and these idiots, Trump said. When Trump rejects science, downplays the pandemic & relies on right-wing conspiracy theories, we shouldn't be shocked the virus is surging & we have the highest COVID death rate per capita of major countries.With a Democratic majority in the House and Senate we must end the absurdity of women making 80 cents on the dollar compared to men.Equal pay for equal work is not a radical idea.We have now done 15 virtual rallies in battleground states. The message is the same. Trump became president by winning PA, MI and WI by only 110,000 votes combined.Your vote counts.Let us respond to Republican voter suppression by voting in record-breaking numbers.Together, we can win Michigan, defeat Donald Trump, and create a country that works for all of us, not just the 1%. Join me and @RashidaTlaib this Tuesday, October 20 for a virtual town hall with special guests. Watch at"Whatever your differences [with Biden] are, theyre nothing compared to what were facing if we keep Trump there. We have got to win this election." Tick Segerblom, Clark County Commissioner"We have so much at stake. Not only the health and safety of our families, but as a woman, my right to choose whats best for my body, the rights of immigrants, and the rights of our LGBTQ community." Natalie Hernandez, Deputy Political Director of Make the Road Action Nevada"Trumps downplaying of this virus and his administrations failing to take it seriously has created literal life-or-death situations for our students and educators around this country." Kenny Belknap, teacher and Clark County Education Assoc. Board Member"Half of our union isnt working right now. We have 30,000 workers laid off. We came to where we are right now with all this suffering because we have a president and administration thats been lying about COVID-19." -Geoconda Argello-Kline, Culinary Workers Union Local 226"We cannot afford another four years of this chaos COVID-19 has only illuminated the vast disparities that impact our tribal communities." Brian Melendez, chair of the Nevada Statewide Native American CaucusWhat we have got to do in the next 17 days is not only come out to vote ourselves. We have to got to bring our friends our family members and our coworkers everybody we know out to vote as well.We have profound choices to make. Do we want a world where regular working people have a say and a shot at changing things for the better, or do we want to continue to watch our rights get stripped away by corporate profiteers? @amy4thepeopleEarly voting has begun in Nevada and around the country, and our movement is going to ensure we beat Trump badly in 17 days. Join us for our Nevada town hall live now with @amy4thepeople and more:Trump's lies never stop. While he continues to talk about how the pandemic in the U.S. is receding there were more than 68,000 new COVID cases on Friday the highest one-day total since July. We need a president who believes in science, not right-wing mythology.Let's make sure Joe Biden wins Nevada. Let's defeat Donald Trump. Let's create a nation for all of us. Join our Fighting for Justice in Nevada town hall with @amy4thepeople TODAY at 12 pm PT. Tune in atIm proud to endorse @NikemaWilliams grassroots campaign for Congress. She will lift up the voices of working people and take on the countrys most powerful special interests. Nikema knows that health care is a human right, and she will fight hard for Medicare for All.We need representatives who are accountable to working people, not big banks and corporate donors. Texas: let's send @JulieOliverTX to Congress to fight for Medicare for All and take on powerful special interests.Trump is lying again about COVID-19. Last night he said; "What weve done has been amazing, and we have done an amazing job, and its rounding the corner. The truth: His policies have given us the highest per capita COVID death rate of any major country.I am proud to endorse @GeorgeGascon because he understands a district attorneys job is not to throw people in jail, but to fight for justice. As Los Angeles DA, George will hold police accountable when they break the law and end the criminalization of poverty.Here's the state of American democracy. You get one vote for president. So does Sheldon Adelson. Exceptbeing a multibillionairehe gets to invest $176 million to elect candidates who represent the rich. We must overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections.Issues that matter are on the ballot. Here are some important questions to vote on this year: AZ:Yes on Prop 208 CO:Yes on Prop 118 CA:Yes on Prop 15, 16, 21,No on Prop 22 FL:Yes on Amd 2 OR:Yes on Measure 107You know how you can tell that your vote is important and will matter in this election? Because Trump and the Republican Party are trying to stop you from voting. Dont let them get away with it.Nevada is one of the most important states in this election, and early voting starts this weekend. Do you have a plan to vote?  Tune in this Saturday to our Fighting for Justice in Nevada town hall with @amy4thepeople at 12 pm PT atFor 5 months, Mitch McConnell has had a bill on his desk to provide 30 million unemployed Americans $600 a week and every working-class American $1,200.  He chose to do nothing.  Now it's our turn to choose. On Election Day, let's end Republican control over the Senate.The Republican Party is engaging in massive voter suppression. They know that if people vote in large numbers they will not only lose this election, but we will move toward a government which represents all of us, not just the few. Stand up to voter suppression. VOTE!The Senate should be passing a strong stimulus package. The Senate should be ensuring we have a free and fair election. The Senate should be addressing climate change. The Senate should NOT be dealing with a nomination that will literally be voted on days before the election.Social Security has been law of the land for 85 years, Medicare for 55. Tens of millions are dependent upon these programs for retirement security and health care. And Judge Barrett doesn't know if they are constitutional. Really? That's what right-wing extremism is all about.Let me be as clear as I can be. Despite what Trump's extreme, right-wing Supreme Court nominee may believe, it is women, not the government, who have the right to control their own bodies. Abortion is a constitutional right period.To ensure we defeat Trump, we need to have the largest voter turnout in history. This is good news. Lets keep it up. If you havent voted, vote. If you have voted, get your friends and family and neighbors and co-workers to vote..@RustyforHouse is a cancer survivor who has experienced firsthand the horrors of our profit-driven health insurance system. He will fight to make health care a right for everyone in West Virginia and around the nation."Medicare for All says you get the all choice you want of doctors because there is no more middleman, there is no more [health insurance] CEO making $14 million this is not a radical idea. Every other major country on Earth does this." @AbdulElSayedFocus on what we all share: we all need to drink the water, we all need to breathe the air, we all need a decent living, we all want to retire someday, we all need to get some health care, we all need to develop our minds. @keithellisonOur president and his administration and the Republicans who support his policies have actively worked to ban people like myself from this country Our existence, our dignity, our humanity is on the ballot. -@IlhanMN"Were going to go in masses to the voting booth. Im counting on our Muslims across the country to know we have to take out the man who birthed the Muslim ban. We have to make sure we outvote the hate." @RashidaTlaibWhether we are Jewish, whether were Christian, whether were Muslim, we are Americans. Yet we have a president who very intentionally, not by accident, is trying to divide us up based on our religion.I won my first election by 10 votes. Your vote matters.Together, we will defeat bigotry and create a nation that works for all of us. Join our live town hall now with @RashidaTlaib, @IlhanMN, @keithellison, @AbdulElSayed and more:This is what voter suppression looks like. In the year 2020, people shouldn't have to wait in line for 5 hours to exercise a constitutional right to vote. We need federal law which respects democracy and makes it easy to vote in every state and end all forms of voter suppression.On #PrimeDay, let's not forget. During the pandemic, Jeff Bezos became $97 billion richer by increasing prices by up to 1,000% on essential items and denying hazard pay and paid sick leave to over 450,000 of his workers. It's time to break up Amazon and tax the rich.TONIGHT: join us for United Against Bigotry: A Virtual Town Hall featuring @IlhanMN, @keithellison, @RashidaTlaib, and @AbdulElSayed. Watch at 8 p.m. ET atI know some of you are thinking of sitting this election out. Let me tell you why that is not an option.During this pandemic 215,000 Americans have died and 12 million lost health care. Meanwhile, billionaires in the health care industry became $150 billion richer. The function of a rational health care system is to guarantee quality care for all, not make the rich even richer.The Native American people must be treated with the respect and dignity they deserve. We all must stand with them in the fight improve their quality of life and to protect their treaties and tribal rights. #IndigenousPeoplesDayI want to thank all the volunteers out there getting on the phones and urging people to vote in the most consequential election in modern history.If we have a high voter turnout in Texas and Joe Biden receives those 38 Electoral College votes, turn off the TV because that means Biden will be the next President of the United States of America. Let's get it done. Sign up atSign-up to join thousands of volunteers and help to call ONE MILLION voters to turn Texas blue! (You dont have to be from TX, all welcome!) DIRECT SIGN-UP LINK:If Joe Biden receives Texas Electoral College votes, this election will be over. Trump will lose. Join me, @BetoORourke and more to call one million Texans for an all-day Get Out The Vote phone bank.This mailer in CA is a lie and I call on Uber and Lyft to publicly denounce the deception. Im opposed to Prop 22 because people working full time deserve decent wages and good benefits. CALIFORNIA: If you oppose corporate greed, vote no on Prop 22.Ten weeks ago, 30 million unemployed workers stopped receiving $600/week in benefits because the Senate GOP thought $600 was too generous. Since then, the 4 richest Americans gained $54 billion and now own $524 billion in wealth. We need an economy that works for all, not the 1%.Let's be clear. It would be much less expensive to enact the Green New Deal than it would be to continue to allow the fossil fuel industry to destroy the planet we live on. And it would create millions of good-paying jobs in the process.The American people will not be intimidated by bullies who practice voter suppression and intimidation. We will vote in record-breaking numbers. We will defeat Trump. We will save American democracy.Together, we will defeat Trump and his hatred. This Tuesday, join us for United Against Bigotry: A Virtual Town Hall featuring Muslim leaders including @IlhanMN, @keithellison, @RashidaTlaib, and @AbdulElSayed. Watch on October 13 at 8 p.m. ET atLatinos have been the demographic hit hardest when it comes to COVID They know our communities are suffering and losing their jobs because of the different inactions from the White House. -Eduardo Sainz, Arizona State Director at Mi Familia VotaThe nine billionaires who claim their taxes here [in Arizona], those nine billionaires are with $21 billion combined thats 3.5 times our entire state budget for education. Jim Byrne, teacher and board member of Tucson Education AssociationThe climate crisis is here, it has been here for decades, affecting Black, brown and indigenous communities across the board. -Kyle Kline, Tucson AZYCCThe lack of action, the lack of direction by the Trump administrationmore than 200,000 dead, more than 6,000 dead here in Arizona from COVID-19 the tsunami of evictions we are about to see as a cityis unacceptable. -@TucsonRomeroThere should be no place in America where there is 30-40% of the U.S. citizens without running water. And guess what? Here on the Navajo Nation, 30-40% of our Navajo people do not have running water or electricity. -@NNPrezNezThe future depends on our vote. We can rid ourselves of Trump, we can rid ourselves of Trumpism, we can institute a new political representation by voting. And we have got to vote. -@standwithraulWe do not want to wake up the day after the election and find out that Arizona made all of the difference, and that Biden lost Arizona. Tell your friends in Arizona right now they need to vote and vote EARLY.What a president should do is encourage as many people as possible to participate in democracy.  Instead, we have a president today who is trying to suppress the vote. How outrageous is that?This election is about immigration reform and whether or not we continue to have a president, who in a disgraceful and racist manner, demonizes the Latino community.The progressive movement is coming together to flip Arizona blue and defeat Trump and his bigotry once and for all. Join us live now for our Fighting for Justice in Arizona town hall:Mental health care is health care. It should be a right for all people, not just those who can afford it. #WorldMentalHealthDayHealth care for all is not radical. It exists all over the world.  What we are doing nowwhere people dont have health insurance because they have a bad job or are unemployedthat is crazy stuff.Tune in to our Arizona town hall today at 2:30 PM ET / 11:30 AM PT. Watch atEvery other major country understands that universal health care is not a radical idea.What were up against:  -Voter suppression -Voter intimidation -A president who will be very, very reluctant to concede We must do everything we can to get people to vote, and vote early.The victories we accomplish in this election will lay the groundwork for the future of our political revolution. That is why I am endorsing dozens of down-ballot candidates across the country today. Lets elect them and get to work.The following mail piece being sent in LA is a lie. I endorsed @R_JonesSawyer because he is the best candidate to represent progressive values. Deceptive political ads have no place in our political process. Efren Martinez must condemn whoever is making this effort on his behalf.Mr. Trump, guess what? The Walter Reed Hospital that you were at, where you claimed you got excellent, high-quality care, that is a 100% government-funded, government-run, dare I say, socialist, facility.Let me congratulate the state legislature for making Vermont the 11th state in the country to legalize marijuana and also for expunging past marijuana convictions. Now, it is time for Congress and the federal government to end the war on drugs and legalize marijuana nationwide.I am excited to announce that I will be hosting a town hall this Saturday, "Fighting for Justice in Arizona," along with @standwithraul, @TucsonRomero, @NNPrezNez and more. Tune in this Saturday starting at 11:30 a.m. PT / 2:30 p.m. ET at"When I first started knocking on doors I was skeptical, but these conversations ended up changing my life and the lives of those I spoke to on the phones or at the door." -MariaElena Fournier, Deep Canvasser & Overdose Crisis Organizer #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020I have been so impressed by the younger generation because this is a generation prepared to ask the hard questions, prepared to think big and not small. #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020"As a future health care professional I worry about the lack of access to care in my community. People who are already struggling with poverty, addiction, or just lack of health care have been the most impacted by this pandemic." -Carissa Manausa #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020"My advocacy is rooted in justice, for those that have been constantly silenced by the oppression of this country." -Kanyinsola Oye, Howard University Student Organizer #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020"Friends message me asking if they would face deportation for getting tested for COVID. People I love are afraid to visit hospitals or clinics because they fear deportation... The Trump administration left us to die." -Denisce Palacios, Texas Rising RGV Organizer"We must not just vote out Donald Trump. We need to vote all the way down the whole damn ballot... I won my race by only eight votes. Your vote counts. " -Jewel Hurtado, Kingsburg CA City Councilwoman #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020"How is it that millions of us are struggling, being uninsured and living paycheck to paycheck, while the super rich and big corporations dodge taxes?" -Hannah Milano, Hoosier Action Organizer #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020Trump and the Republicans know exactly what I know: If young people vote, the vast majority will not be voting for Trump. They do not want you to vote. That is exactly why you must vote.Young people have a lot to be proud of. But your generation votes in much lower numbers than older people. That has got to change.I don't want to get people too nervous. But the future of the countryand the worldto a significant degree rests upon whether young people in America will vote.Are you a #teen who is #voting this year? Reply here with where, when and how you're going to vote.Young people today are the most progressive generation. If they vote they can change the country. Join Bernie and @TeenVogue for the Working for Our Future Town Hall. #TeenVote2020 #bernieXteenvogueThe kind of health care that Trump got is good.  That is the kind of care every American should get whether they are rich or poor, whether they have a job or not.Young people have the power to change this country and the world. TONIGHT at 8 pm ET, join me and @TeenVogue for a town hall to share the stories of young people across the country. Tune in atWealth of U.S. billionaires in 2009: $1.3 trillion Wealth of U.S. billionaires in 2020: $3.6 trillion Minimum wage in 2009: $7.25/hr Minimum wage in 2020: $7.25/hr Yes. We need to increase the minimum wage to $15/hr, tax the wealth of billionaires and expand Medicare to All.In the last few days Trump has been for a stimulus package, against it, and for it. What will the "stable genius" say next? All I know is every unemployed worker needs $600 a week. Working class families need $2,000 a month. And every American needs the same health care as Trump.While Trump received over $100,000 in free government health care for himself, he's attempting to throw 20 million Americans off their health care. Yes. Trump, the self-proclaimed billionaire, believes in government help for himself, but rugged individualism for everyone else.This is what an irrational economy looks like. Billionaires get richer & pay less in taxes while millions are unemployed, kids go hungry, veterans sleep on the street. We must stand up to the billionaire class and create an economy for all, not just a few.The Trump administration's policy of separating families is a moral stain on this nation. It is inhumane. And all those responsible must be held accountable for the harm they have done. We need an immigration system based on justice, not cruelty.Thursday at 8 pm ET, join me and @TeenVogue for a town hall on how young people can and will change the world. Tune in to Working for Our Future atAfter receiving the best socialized health care in the world Trump just said "no" to providing any relief to the unemployed, the uninsured or the hungry. But he's still pushing the Senate to confirm a Supreme Court nominee who will strip health care from 20 million. How pathetic.Mr. President: You attack socialized medicine every single day. Well, let's be clear. The excellent care you received at Walter Reed was at a 100% government-funded, government run hospital. For Trump, "socialized medicine" is bad for everyone but himself. Total hypocrisy!West Virginians deserve a voice in Congress who will look out for the working class and address their economic pain. When @Kunkel4Congress gets to Washington, that is exactly what she will do.I believe every person in America is entitled to the same health care as the President of the United Stateswith no co-pays, no deductibles and no out-of-pocket expenses. If government-funded health care is good enough for Trump, it is good enough for all of us as a human right.In addition, voting sites are opening today near three colleges: East Lansing near MSU, on campus at Western Michigan University and Northern Michigan University. Detroit is also opening 21 early voting sites across the city which will be open 7 days a week until Election Day.In Michigan, early voting already begun in every township, but you can still register to vote online until October 19 and in person until Election Day. In other words, you can vote or register to vote right now no matter where you live in the state.Joe Biden understands that we have got to take on the greed, the price fixing and the collusion of the pharmaceutical industry, and end the absurdity of Americans paying by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.Joe Biden is going to end the international embarrassment of the United States being the only major country on Earth not to provide paid family and medical leave.The outrageous inequality and corporate greed we are facing today is grotesque, it is immoral, and it is unsustainable.While 30 million Americans have lost their jobs, while 12 million have lost their health insurance, while 29 million do not have enough food to eat, while 40 million face eviction, 643 billionaires increased their wealth by $845 billion over the past 6 months alone.The working class of America is in more desperation today than at any time since the Great Depression of the 1930s. We need @JoeBiden as our president. Join me live now from Macomb County, MI:When Joe Biden is president we are going to raise the federal minimum wage from a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour to a living wage of $15 an hour.While many millions of young Americans are struggling to pay off outrageously high levels of student debt, many of them are forced to work for wages that are much too low if they have a job at all. That's something we have got to address.To voters in Michigan, and all across this country: Yes. Your vote matters. In fact, it can be decisive in determining the future of our entire country. Please vote.There are some who say that we have to make a choice between having a strong economy and protecting the American people from this terrible disease.  I disagree.  The truth is that we will never have a strong economy so long as this pandemic continues to surge.As wonderful and idealistic as our younger generation is, it does not vote in large enough numbers. If young people voted at the same rates as older people, they could transform this country.Young people have a beautiful vision of what the future should be. They must fight for that future, and the first step forward is to vote. Join me live from Ann Arbor now to campaign for @JoeBiden:Young people in Michigan can have an enormous impact on this election. Ill be in Ann Arbor at 1:30 today to speak to students about the importance of showing up and electing @JoeBiden. Sign up and watch atChange happens when young people pick up the torch and say were going to change the world. Im excited to be hosting a live town hall with @TeenVogue on how young people can swing the election. Watch Working for Our Future at 8 pm ET Thursday. #bernieXteenvogue #teenvote2020Today is the last day to register to vote in many states, including Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Ohio, and Texas. Are you registered to vote? Are you sure? Check now before its too late atWe can provide everyone in America high-quality health care for a yearthe kind of care Trump is getting right nowby taxing 60% of the wealth gains billionaires made in the last 6 months. I've introduced a bill with @EdMarkey and @SenGillibrand to do just that. Let's do it.With Joe Biden as president and a Democratic Congress, we will: - the minimum wage to $15/hr - Make public colleges tuition-free for working families - Substantially reduce student debt - Lower the age for Medicare to 60 - Improve Medicare to include dental, vision & hearingAt this critical and unprecedented moment in American history, it is absolutely imperative that we stand together and elect Joe Biden as the next president of the United States.There is no question that the economic proposals that Joe Biden is supporting are strong and will go a long, long way in improving life for working families.Over the past four years, the economy has been great for billionaires, and even better for them during this horrific pandemic, but it has been an absolute disaster for working families.Which candidate will be disciplined and responsible in dealing with this pandemic? Joe Biden. Which candidate will develop policies based on the advice of the best scientists? Joe Biden. Which candidate has the temperament to see us through this difficult crisis? Joe Biden.It doesnt matter if you are an essential worker at a supermarket, a bus driver, or president of the United States. Each and every one of us is vulnerable to this pandemic.Together, we can elect @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris as our next president and vice president, and create a government and economy that work for working people. Join me live in Lebanon, NH now:We need an economy that works for all, and not just the few. That means millions of new jobs, higher wages, equal pay for equal work and a tax system that is fair. That's what I will be talking about today as I campaign for Joe Biden in New Hampshire.We need an economic relief deal NOW. Too many Americans are unemployed with millions facing hunger, lack of health care and eviction. The working families of this country need a strong agreement to protect them and their kids. Let's do it.The Senate must act now to prevent tens of thousands of flight attendants and airline workers from losing their jobs and their paychecks. These workers cannot afford to wait any longer. They need our help now.We will not have a normal economy or educational system unless we effectively address the COVID-19 pandemic. We will not effectively address the COVID-19 pandemic unless we have a federal government that believes in science. That's why we need to defeat Trump and elect Biden.Jane and I wish the President and First Lady a full and speedy recovery. The COVID-19 virus is real, it is dangerous and can infect anybody. As a nation we must do all we can to fight this virus and protect the American people.Yes, the world has changed with this pandemic, but we must all do the best that we can to create a historic turnout and get rid of Donald Trump..@ReverendWarnock will fight to address our public health crisis, end poverty, tackle the climate crisis and build an economy for all, not just those at the top. Hes building a grassroots movement to uplift and represent all Georgians and Im pleased to endorse his campaign.Thank you to all who tuned in tonight to our Texas town hall.  If we can ensure Biden wins Texas, he will win the election. Check your registration and make a plan to vote at and chip in to four progressive Texas candidates atFor so long we have been told that what public safety is is locking up as many working class people and people of color as we can But we know thats a lie. -@JosePGarza Donate to Jos's campaign for DA and other Texas progressives atThis is our New Deal moment. Just like when FDR, during the Great Depression, mobilized federal resources to create millions of jobs, to put people to work. @SiegelForTexas  Chip in to Mike's campaign and other Texas progressives atThese are human rightsto be able to go see a doctor when youre sick, to be able to live debt-free, to be able to have a high-wage job so you can afford groceries and your rent.@donnaimamTX Chip in to Donna's campaign and other TX progressives atEverybody, everybody can be part of the health care solution and I do believe that is Medicare for All. @JulieOliverTX Help send Julie and other progressives to Congress by donating atSo many folks [in Texas] are out of work and Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump are sitting there, not passing the HEROES Act, not doing what they could to keep people safe. -@JulianCastroOn Election Night if these 38 electoral college votes come in for Joe Biden, that ends the chaos and confusion that Donald Trump is likely to sow and exploit, and it settles this election. Thats how important Texas is, and it is winnable. @BetoORourkeTogether we can elect @donnaimamTX, @SiegelForTexas, @JulieOliverTX and @JosePGarza in Texas and turn the state blue. Join our Texas town hall live now, and chip in to their campaigns atWhy are we focused on Texas tonight?  Because polls show Joe Biden is just a few points behind in Texas. If he can win Texas, this election is over. Texas is in grasp. We can do it, if we mobilize effectively.We must get rid of Trump, the most dangerous president in American history. Im joining @BetoORourke, @JulianCastro and more now to discuss turning Texas blue and elect progressives to Congress:Trump is a racist. He is the most dangerous president in our history. Its imperative that we get rid of him.Tonight at 8 p.m. ET, join me, @BetoORourke, @JulianCastro and more for a virtual town hall on how we can win Texas, defeat Trump and elect progressive candidates across the state. Tune in atThis election isn't just Trump vs. Biden. It's:  Trump vs. Democracy Trump vs. Science Trump vs. A $15/hr minimum wage Trump vs. Universal childcare Trump vs. Expanding health care Trump vs. Making college available to all Despair is not an option. Too much is at stake.Last night Trump was asked to condemn white supremacyand refused. He has called neo-Nazis "very fine people." He has inspired disgusting acts of racism and violence. This is the most dangerous president in the modern history of our country. He must be defeated.The business model on Wall Street is fraud. It's not the exception to the rule. It is the rule. There will not be justice on Wall Street until we make it clear that no bank is too big too fail and no Wall Street CEO is too big to jail.While Trump paid just $750 in federal income taxes in 2017, the 139 trips he has taken to his country clubs as president cost American taxpayers $141 million. Yes. This is a president who believes in corporate socialism if you're a billionaire and rugged capitalism for the rest.While Donald Trump paid just $750 in U.S. federal income taxes during the first year of his presidency, he paid over $317,000 in taxes to India, Panama and the Philippines. How's that for America first?Trump is either: A) A bad businessman who has lost money year after year after year. B) A tax cheat who has avoided paying what he owes in taxes year after year after year.  Knowing Donald Trump, both are probably true.Join me, @BetoORourke, @JulianCastro and more for a virtual town hall Wednesday on how we can build grassroots energy to win Texas and elect progressive candidates across the state. Tune in Wednesday atTrump and his allies are doing everything possible to suppress the vote and undermine American democracy. That is what authoritarians do. They must not be allowed to succeed. Let us stand together, have the largest voter turnout in American history and send Trump packing.What a hypocrite! While Trump makes hateful & racist rants about how immigrants are bad for the country, the undocumented immigrants he hired to work at his country clubs paid more in federal income taxes than Trump. What's bad for the country? Billionaires who don't pay taxes.Leona Helmsley, multi-billionaire hotel heiress: "Only the little people pay taxes"  Yep: Trump paid no income taxes in 10/15 years Amazon paid no income taxes in 3 years Billionaires pay lower tax rate than the middle class Top 1% avoided $800 billion in taxes  #TaxTheRichTrumps tax returns tell us that he's either a very bad businessman or a tax cheatlikely both. But more importantly, it shows how the wealthy, unlike most Americans, are able to avoid paying taxes. The top 1% is responsible for 70% of unpaid taxes. It's time to tax the rich.The election is 36 days away. The American people should have their say in that election before Mitch McConnell pushes through a lifelong appointment to the Supreme Court.Shock of shocks! Donald Trump, the self-proclaimed billionaire, received a $72.9 million tax refund from the IRS while not paying a nickel in federal income taxes in 10 out of 15 years.  Yep. Trump l-o-v-e-s corporate socialism for himself, rugged capitalism for everyone else.What the Senate should approve: -$600/week for 30 million unemployed workers -$2,000 a month for working class Americans -An emergency expansion of Medicare to all What the Senate should not approve: A Supreme Court nominee before Inauguration Day.Transcript of clip:"We have to stand together to fight for the investment we need and that we deserve. I'm going to fight every day to create a better state so that no one has to die like my dad did." Hannah Milano, Hoosier Action VolunteerTranscript of clip:We cannot have a revolution or even anything close to reform if we cannot talk to our neighbors. -MariaElena Fournier Help defeat Trump by signing up for a deep canvass phonebank with @PplsAction. Text WIN to 79606 to get started.Transcript of clip:I want everyone to remember: You are living in the richest country in the history of the world. We can build a nation where all people live in dignity. Let's defeat Trump. Let's protect American democracy. Let's create an economy that works for all of us.Transcript of clip:"Climate change is fueling a series of disasters that are trapping people in cycles of recovery, meaning that they do not have time to recover from one disaster before another occurs. -@warrentidwell, Hometown Action AlabamaTranscript of clip:Donald Trump has taken the side of corporate ag business and monopolies, and told the rest of us to get big or get out, and made our lives even worse. -Barb Kalbach, Iowa CCITranscript of clip:It is a tragedy that young people across the country are leaving towns they grew up in and love, simply because they cant find work, and that family farmers are being driven off their land by corporate agribusiness. That has got to change.Trump and Republicans in Congress betrayed rural America. Join us now for a town hall with @PplsAction on how we defeat Trump with an agenda for working families, not the billionaire class.Starting at 1 p.m. ET: Join our town hall with @PplsAction as we fight for rural Americans and work to end Trump's disastrous administration. RSVP here:This is an election between Donald Trump and democracy.In the United States the president does not determine who can or cannot vote and what ballots will be counted. That may be what is done in other authoritarian countries. But it is not and will not be done in America. This is a democracy.Do not assume enough people will turn out to vote to defeat Trump and that you can stay home. Every vote matters. Make a plan to vote right now.Trump promised to stand up for rural Americans. He lied.  We must defeat him and fight for an agenda that speaks to the needs of working families.  Join our town hall tomorrow at 1 p.m. ET with @PplsAction. RSVP atYes. Trump is moving us in an authoritarian direction. But despair is not an option. We must take action to preserve American democracy.The American people, no matter what their political persuasion, must make it clear that American democracy will not be destroyed.Transcript of clip:Trump's strategy to delegitimize this election and to stay in office if he loses is not complicated. Finding himself behind in many polls, he is attempting massive voter suppression.To my Republican colleagues in the Congress, please do not continue to tell the American people how much you love America if, at this critical moment, you are not prepared to stand up to defend American democracy and our way of life.  Stop the hypocrisy.Transcript of clip:I understand that Donald Trump was born to a very wealthy family and, from his earliest days, was able to get anything he wanted. But let me make this clear to Donald Trump: Too many people have fought and died to defend American democracy. You are not going to destroy it.Transcript of clip:The United States is the oldest continuous democracy in the modern world. We held elections in the middle of the Civil War, during the Great Depression and during World War II. But today, under Trump, that peaceful transition of power is being threatened like never before.This is not just an election between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. This is an election between Donald Trump and democracy and democracy must win.For the first time, we are facing an election where it is not clear that a sitting president will voluntarily leave office if he loses. Watch my live address on what we must do to prepare for Trumps unique threat to our democracy:This election is about more than Democrat vs. Republican. It is about democracy vs. authoritarianism. I'll be addressing Trump's threat to our nation today at 1 p.m. ET atThis is what an authoritarian sounds like. Tomorrow, at 1 p.m. ET, I will be delivering an address on the unprecedented and dangerous moment we are in right now given President Trumps unique threats to our democracy. Watch atIn a three mile radius Cambridge, home to MIT and Harvard, to Roxbury, the blackest part of my district, life expectancy drops by 30 years These health care injustices are not naturally occurring. They are legislated. @AyannaPressley"Medicare for All would have fundamentally changed America's experience with COVID-19." @AbdulElSayed"How differently America would have reacted to the pandemic if we already had Medicare for All. Every other industrialized country realized a long time ago that health care cant be tied to employment, that it needs to be guaranteed to everyone. @PramilaJayapal"In a for-profit, employer-based [health care] system, people get left in the cold and out in the dark." @FlyingWithSaraSimple question: will we continue to allow health care to be treated as a commodity, or will we ensure it is a human right?Health care is a human right. The fight for Medicare for All continues. Join me, @Public_Citizen, and many great panelists for a town hall on achieving health justice for all:Health care is a human right.  Join me, @Public_Citizen and many excellent panelists tonight at 8 p.m. ET for a town hall on achieving health care justice for all.What we must do now:  Ensure Biden wins in a landslide Hold Congressional hearings on how local officials plan to handle Election Day processes State legislatures must allow votes to be counted as they come in Help Americans understand we may not know results on Nov 3Never in this country's history have we failed to have a peaceful transition of power from one president to the next. We must do all we can to make sure Trump isn't the first. In this election the future of American democracy is at stake. We must not lose.Breonna Taylors life mattered. This result is a disgrace and an abdication of justice. Our criminal justice system is racist. The time for fundamental change is now.Trump promised to protect rural Americans. He lied, and bailed out the billionaire class instead. Join our town hall this weekend with @PplsAction on fighting for rural America and how we must defeat Trump in November. Tune in Saturday at 1 p.m. ET atI am 79, and I am angry. If I were 18 or 20, I would be very, very, very angry. Young people can transform this country. We must do everything we can to ensure they vote in this election.When [Latinos] went out and voted in 2018, we changed a Congress that looked more like America the most Latinas, the most women, the most LGBTQ+, the most people that believed in science when it comes to climate change. @MariaTeresa1"Its Trump first, not America first. He has hooked up his billionaire friends and donors, and he has excused and encouraged cruelty to our communities He may think hes running the country like a reality show, but its our lives. @marisa_franco"We cannot allow [Trump] to continue facilitating deaths in attacking the immigrant community, in abusing Puerto Ricans We need to transform those frustrations into the power and the fuel that will take us out to the polls. @thaiscarreroThere is a reason why our death rate per capita in terms of COVID-19 is much higher than almost any other country. We have a president who from the beginning downplayed this pandemic and who is at war with science, doctors and researchers."We have a very strong story to tell, as Democrats, to the Latino community." @JulianCastroWe have to develop strong policies that speak to the needs of the Latino community and reach out specifically to Latino voters to bring them into the political process.The stakes of this Novembers election could not be higher, and now is a time for us all to get involved and create the nation we can become. Join me now for a live town hall with @JulianCastro and more, presented by @UniNoticias.Our town hall is starting soon. Tune in at at 7 p.m. ET.Do you believe in protecting our democracy? Do you believe in stopping the slide into authoritarianism? Do you believe in throwing Donald Trump and all that he stands for out of office? Register to vote. #NationalVoterRegistrationDayThis year Latinos are expected to be, for the first time, the largest racial or ethnic minority in a U.S. presidential election. TONIGHT at 7 ET, watch our town hall on the importance of the Latino vote this November atThe Trump administration awarded: $183 million to companies like Rolls-Royce to build more warships $155 million to Boeing & General Electric for more fighter jets 10s of millions for more drones All this money was meant to be used for more masks and tests. Disgusting.This election is about democracy vs. authoritarianism. On Thursday I will be giving an address on the unprecedented and dangerous moment we are in right now given President Donald Trumps unique threats to our democracy. Tune in at Thursday at 1 p.m. ET.TONIGHT: Join me, @JulianCastro and more for Destino 2020: Votar es Poder (Destiny 2020: Voting is Power) digital town hall on the importance of the Latino vote, presented by @UniNoticias.  This event will be held in English with simultaneous Spanish-language translation.This Wednesday, join our town hall with @Public_Citizen on how we can and must achieve health justice for everyone. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET on September 23rd. RSVP here:Im proud to endorse @Bradshaw2020's grassroots campaign. Marquita is building a strong grassroots movement by standing up to big-money politics and challenging the status quo. I believe her bold, progressive movement, powered by the people, can make history in Tennessee..@donnaimamTX is uniting Americans by running on an agenda that speaks to the needs of working people. She is a fighter for Medicare for All and understands that the Green New Deal will not only combat climate change but will create good-paying jobs. Im proud to endorse her.Here's a radical idea. Instead of arresting poor Americans disproportionately African American and Latino for possessing marijuana, let's start prosecuting the crooks on Wall Street for laundering money for drug cartels, suspected terrorists and corrupt foreign officials.Join me, @JulianCastro and more Tuesday night for Destino 2020: Votar es Poder (Destiny 2020: Voting is Power) digital town hall on the importance of the Latino vote, presented by @UniNoticias. The event will be held in English with simultaneous Spanish-language translation.This election is not just about Democrat vs. Republican. It is about democracy vs. authoritarianism.After the 2016 election, Trump said that millions of people voted illegally. Thats when he won. What will he say in 2020 if he loses? We need to understand and be prepared for the fact that Trump will do whatever it takes to maintain the power of the presidency.This is what authoritarianism looks like. An American president does not praise violence against a reporter for doing his job. That is what an ugly, insecure two-bit dictator does. The future of our democracy and a free press is at stake this election. We must defeat Trump badly.This is what Senator Lindsey Graham, the current Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said back in 2018. Let's see if he has an ounce of integrity left and will keep his word.The passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is a tremendous loss to our country. She was an extraordinary champion of justice and equal rights, and will be remembered as one of the great justices in modern American history.This election is between a corrupt president who got $200,000 a year from his dad's empire starting at the age of three and a candidate who grew up in a working class family.Mail in voter fraud rate: 0.0025%. Number of lies Trump has made since he has been president: Over 20,000 and counting. We don't have a problem with mail-in voting fraud. We have a problem with a president who is a pathological liar and is actively trying to suppress the vote.The Trump administration's handling of the pandemic has been an utter, deadly disaster. Sending each American 5 high-quality masks would have saved tens of thousands of lives. The good news: if implemented now, it still could. My Masks for All legislation would do just that.Trump has to stop this nonsense about mail-in ballots being fraudulent. Every vote cast in this country must be counted.In-person early voting starts today in: Virginia Minnesota South Dakota Wyoming Lets stand together. Lets defeat Trump. Lets defend democracy. Find your voting information now:At a time when the 1% and corporations are gaining more and more wealth, we have got to invest in working people who are severely hurting during this crisis. Congratulations to New Jersey on this important step forward.Joe Biden is absolutely right: No worker should make less than $15/hr. When we defeat Trump and elect progressives to Congress, not only will we raise the minimum wage to $15/hrwell create millions of jobs and raise wages for all by expanding unions.The time is now for a Green New Deal and bold action on climate. Join @sunrisemvmt leaders to discuss the stakes of this moment and what people around the country can do to organize and stop more climate-fueled devastation.Thousands of taxi workers are struggling to put food on the table because of the greed of predatory lenders and massive rideshare companies. I stand with @NYTWA taking action todaythe debt of these workers must be forgiven now.During the past 6 months of the pandemic, while 30 million Americans lost jobs, 12 million lost health insurance and 40 million face eviction, the richest 15 Americans gained an obscene $400 billion in wealth. It is time to tell the billionaire class that they cannot have it all.Let me congratulate the nurses in Asheville, North Carolina, for the largest union victory in the South since 1975. What the nurses in Asheville demonstrated is that when you stand together, when you fight back against corporate greed, justice and dignity will prevail.The Green New Deal is not too expensive. What is far more expensive is allowing our planet to burn up, lives lost, and homes destroyed because of the endless greed of a handful of fossil fuel executives.When Trump talks about "herd immunity" he shows his ineptness, is surrendering to the pandemic and is sentencing hundreds of thousands more Americans to death. Whether it's climate change or the pandemic we need a president who believes in science and that's not Trump.All that we're talking about in this election is the future of our democracy, the future of our economy, the future of our health care systemand oh, by the way, the future of the planet. Other than that, not much is at stake..@karaforcongress is facing the same incumbent Republican she came within just 1.9% of defeating two years ago while running on a strong progressive platform that prioritizes the needs of working people in Omaha and beyond. Lets make sure Kara is elected to Congress this year..@audrey4congress is an educator and farmer who understands the challenges facing working people in Northern California. She has pledged not to accept corporate PAC contributions, and has run her campaign focusing on many of the same issues that are central to our movement..@Kunkel4Congress knows West Virginians are ready for a political and economic system that works for all, not just the wealthy. When she gets to Washington, shell take on inequality, the climate crisis, and the health care crisis, and I hope to serve with her in Congress soon.The only way we win is when millions of people come together and stand up for justice. Join @PplsAction for a town hall on how to organize and canvass to defeat Donald Trump.The only way we win is when millions of people come together and stand up for justice. Join @PplsAction for a town hall on how to organize and canvass to defeat Donald Trump.We can no longer tolerate a system that allows a billionaire like Elon Musk to gain $10.3 billion in one day, while 30 million unemployed workers are denied $600 a week to pay the rent and put food on the table. We need an economy that works for all, not just the 1%. #TaxTheRichAt a time of unprecedented economic pain and suffering the do-nothing Senate must pass: - $600 a week for the unemployed - $2,000 a month for the working class - An emergency expansion of Medicare to all - Hazard pay for essential workers - $25 billion for the Postal ServiceIn the midst of a global pandemic and a climate crisis, we cannot continue having a president who rejects science. We have 49 days to go before Election Day. Let us defeat Trump, elect progressives and reverse the incredible damage that has been done to our nation.These reports are simply horrifying. They must be investigated by Congress and anyone responsible must be held accountable for these disturbing acts. We must dismantle ICE and CBP and create an immigration system based on justice, not cruelty and human rights violations.The United States of America is the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care, paid family and medical leave, paid sick days and a paid vacation. That is not a "family value." That is an assault on what a family values. Let us end this international embarrassment.Since 1975, there has been a h-u-g-e redistribution of income in America, but it has gone in the wrong direction. Over the past 45 years, $50 trillion has been taken out of the pockets of the bottom 90% and into the hands of the top 1%costing the median worker $42,000 a year.Unbelievablyas the West Coast burns amidst record-breaking temperatureTrump continues to deny the reality of climate change. Despite his delusions we must take on the fossil fuel industry & transform our energy system to sustainable energy. The future of the planet is at stake.It's outrageous for Big Pharma to use the pandemic as an opportunity to raise prices on life-saving medicine. No, Mr. President. We don't need phony executive orders that do nothing to lower drug prices. Big drug companies don't need more subsidies. We need to end their greed.Tens of millions of Americans are facing hunger, eviction and joblessness. They are frightened that they will soon lose their homes to eviction and not be able to feed their families. We cannot abandon them. Every working class American needs $2,000 a month until the crisis ends.If Biden is president & we have a Democratic Congress we will: - the minimum wage to $15/hr - the Medicare age to 60 - Create millions of jobs rebuilding America - Make public colleges tuition-free for working families - Enact 12 weeks of paid family leave - Adopt equal payThere are people in Washington who say the Green New Deal is too expensive and we cant afford it. What is the alternative?  A planet which is burning up?Unless we successfully combat climate change, the terrible wildfires we are seeing will only get worse in the future as will droughts, floods and extreme weather disturbances.  No excuses. We need to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel NOW and save the planet.Not only do we have to beat Trump. This is wealthiest country in the history of the world. We can and we must guarantee all our people a decent standard of living.COVID-19 has killed more than 6,000 people in Michigan and has killed 23 people in my life personally. I hold [Trump] responsible for that because of the failed response, the economy thats been destroyed because of it, and everything in between. MI Lt. Gov. @garlin Gilchrist"It is the progressive community that is much needed, that I know that if they come out, we will win Michigan." @RashidaTlaib"What's at stake in this election? I would say nothing short of democracy itself." @AbdulElSayed Join our Michigan town hall now atOur democracy, our economy and our planet cannot afford four more years of Trump and a Republican Senate. Join us live now with @RashidaTlaib and more to discuss how we will win in Michigan and across the country this November.The progressive grassroots movement is winning and our agenda is gaining steam. Congratulations to the candidates, organizers & activists in Rhode Island on these important victories. Let's keep electing progressives at every levellocal, state & federal.Together, we are going to defeat the most dangerous president in our modern history. Today at 1 p.m. ET: Join our Michigan town hall featuring @RashidaTlaib and many more great guests. Tune in atEndless wars have cost $6.4 trillion. Tax breaks for the top 1% & corporations cost over $1 trillion. We are now spending $740 billion a year on the military - more than the next 11 nations combined. Please don't tell me we can't afford Medicare for All or the Green New Deal.Today we remember the 3,000 lives lost on 9/11 and the heroism of the first responders who risked their lives for others. We must not only recognize that loss but end the endless wars that we have waged since that attack which have caused immeasurable harm for nearly two decades.In 2016 Trump won [Pennsylvania] by 44,000 votes WeLatinx folks, Black folks, people of colorcan substantially change the overall direction of this election. @maeganllerena"Everything is on the line here. I dont think our democracy can take four more years of what weve had for the last four years." @johnfettermanThis election is the most important election, not in my lifetime, but in the modern history of this country. We need to get rid of Donald Trump and rally working people together.Thank you to @Innamo and @Fiedler4Philly for kicking off our town hall tonight!This is the most important election of our lifetimes, and Pennsylvanians are ready to take action, stand up to Trump, and fight for working people. Tune in to our Pennsylvania town hall now atIn the middle of a health crisis, an economic crisis and a climate crisis, we cant afford another 4 years of Trump. Join our Pennsylvania town hall to discuss the bold action we need to protect our economy, democracy and planet:Instead of more austerity for the working class of this country, we need to impose austerity on the billionaire class and Wall Street.This Saturday, we are bringing our fight for justice to Michigan (virtually). Join our Michigan town hall featuring @RashidaTlaib and many more excellent guests on 9/12 at 1 p.m. ET. Tune in atI think most people are sick and tired of the rantings and ravings of Donald Trump. We need a vaccine available when it is safe and ready, not when it suits the political purposes of this increasingly irrational president.Tonight: join us as we rally Pennsylvanians to stand up to Trump and demand that Republicans address the many crises facing Americans. Tune in at at 7:30 p.m. ET.Trump thinks climate change is a hoax.  No, Mr. Trump. We are watching the climate crisis unfold in terrible ways every day. We will defeat him, end the disgrace of fossil fuel companies destroying the planet to make a profit, and transition to 100% renewable energy.We can no longer tolerate an economic system that allows 467 billionaires to increase their wealth by $800,000,000,000 during a pandemic, while 150,000,000 Americans are facing serious financial problems and 30,000,000 people in our country don't have enough food to eat.Congratulations to @MindiMessmer4NH for winning her race for Executive Council, District 3 in New Hampshire. Our job is to continue our work of electing progressives like Mindi at every levellocal, state and federal.This Thursday, join our virtual town hall to address the issues facing Pennsylvanians and how we can defeat Trump in November. Tune in at at 7:30 p.m. ET.If we can afford to give a $1 trillion tax break to the top 1% and large corporations and $740 billion to the Pentagon, please don't tell me we cannot afford to provide $2,000 a month to the working class, $600 a week to unemployed workers and expand Medicare to all.New Hampshire: remember to vote today for @AndruVolinsky for governor and Mindi Messmer for Executive Councilor of District 3. Find your polling place here:As we celebrate Labor Day let us not forget that in recent months, while the very rich have grown much richer, tens of millions of workers have lost their jobs, and many families are now struggling to put food on the table and avoid eviction. Congress must act to protect workers.Strong unions mean decent wages and a strong middle class. Congress must make it easier for workers to join unions and engage in collective bargaining. We must end the heavy-handed corporate tactics that prevent workers from unionizing.On this Labor Day we must pledge to end starvation wages in America. Raising the minimum wage to at least $15 per hour will give 40 million workers a long overdue pay raise, and a shred of human dignity.On this Labor Day let us not forget that over the last 30 years the top 1% have seen a $22 trillion increase in their wealth, while the bottom half of the American people have actually seen a decline in their wealth. We need an economy that works for all, not just the few.As we celebrate Labor Day I want to thank all of America's workers for what you do. Thank you to all of the essential workers who are quite literally putting their lives on the line. Let us create an economy that works for all, and not just the few. #LaborDay2020Labor Day weekend is not only a time to thank workers. It is also a time to reflect on how the working class of this country is doing and where we want to be in the future.Today, I say to Mitch McConnell: Do your job. Let us pass the HEROES Act or legislation that is even better. But, for once in your life, stop worrying about your billionaire campaign contributors, and respond to the needs of working families.Climate change is an existential crisis. We have got to act as soon as humanly possible.The lives of Black and Brown people are on the ballot this November, and as long as any of us are oppressed, none of us are free. -Tabitha Moore, Rutland Area NAACP DirectorWe must lead in an inclusive and innovative way. Because if we only focus on what is happening right now, we will miss opportunities to build a better future and a stronger Vermont. @zuckermanforvtThe working people of Vermont deserve leaders who will fight for an economy that works for all. Join our town hall with gubernatorial candidate @zuckermanforvt and local organizers to discuss the challenges facing Vermonters this election:Starting soon: tune in to our Vermont town hall featuring @zuckermanforvt, Tabitha Moore, and other special guests. Tune in at 4 p.m. ET atWhether you're excited or not, cast your damn vote.  This is an existential moment in American history. For the sake of our democracy, Trump must be defeated."Workers have led. Workers have made sure of our survival. Were going to have to continue to lead. It doesnt stop at the ballot box. It continues beyond that." Stacy Davis Gates, @CTULocal1 Vice PresidentAs our country grapples with coronavirus and social unrest caused by racism and racial injustice, we all must understand it is no exaggeration to say this election will be the most important election of our lifetime. Claude Cummings, Vice President of District 6 of CWAThis Labor Day we have got to thank all of the essential workers who are keeping the economy going during this pandemic, and acknowledge terrible loss of the thousands of essential workers who have lost their lives.There is nothing Trump and the corporate elite fear more than a strong union movement. That is why they have done everything in their power to attack unions, and why they must be defeated. Join our Labor Day weekend town hall now:Starting soon: join our Labor Day Weekend town hall on how we must stand up to Trump and rebuild worker power. Tune in at 2 p.m. ET atThe union movement built Americas working class, and if this moment proves anything, it is that we need the union movement to rebuild the working class. Join me now as we honor workers this Labor Day weekend.Starting soon: watch my Labor Day weekend address on honoring workers and addressing the economic crisis. Tune in at 12 p.m. ET atAt a time of record-breaking heat waves, wildfires, hurricanes and other climate change-fueled disasters, we have a president who doesnt believe in science. That is unbelievably dangerous. We must defeat Trump and pass a Green New Deal.Today we have to come together in a united front and say to this president: Sorry, too many people fought and died to preserve this democracy. Youre not going to destroy it.Let us work hard to deliver Joe Biden an overwhelming victory on election night. But, we must also stay vigilant, and do everything possible to prevent Trump from staying in power if he loses. Nothing less than our democracy is at stake.Fourth, we need Congressional hearings with local officials to learn how they plan to handle the Election Day process and the days that follow. Every agency of governmentfederal, state and localmust do everything possible to ensure that we have a free and fair election.Third, social media companies must finally get their act together and stop people from using their tools to threaten and harass election officials, spread disinformation, and organize voter intimidation and disinformation on their sites.Second, the news media needs to prepare the American people to understand there is no longer a single Election Day and that we may not know the results on November 3. Absent a national conversation about that reality, conspiracy theories and disinformation will likely thrive.First, with the pandemic and a massive increase in mail-in voting, state legislatures must take action to allow votes to be counted before Election Day. We must avoid a situation where battleground states are counting millions of votes for days and weeks after Election Day.We must do everything we can to ensure @JoeBiden wins by the largest possible margin. We also must consider what happens if Trump loses but refuses to abide by the results and does everything he can to hold onto power.Tomorrow at 2 p.m. ET, join our live Labor Day weekend town hall on how we must stand up to Trump and build worker power across the country. Tune in atThis is shocking, even for Trump. The men and women who lost their lives defending our country are patriots not losers and suckers. Trump must be defeated and defeated badly.If there's going to be class war in this country it's time the working class won that war. Tomorrow at 12 p.m. ET I will deliver an address honoring working Americans this Labor Day weekend. Tune in atThere are issues where Joe Biden and I agree, and issues where we disagree. But his economic agenda will finally begin to address some of the real crises facing working families.Its a national disgrace that families are being evicted from their homes and thrown on the street. We must not only suspend evictions, foreclosures, and utility shut-offs. We must cancel rent and mortgage payments until the crisis is over.Daniel Prude should be alive today. The officers responsible for his horrific death must be fired, arrested and prosecuted. There must be a DOJ investigation into his death and any deaths that occur in police custody. Period.For years, Donald Trump has lied about "voter fraud." Now he proceeds to tell the people of North Carolina to commit a felony by voting twice. This is not a president who believes in democracy. He is an authoritarian who must be defeated.This Labor Day Weekend, join our virtual forum on the movement to expand workers' rights and fight back against Trumps efforts to dismantle union power. Tune in at 2 p.m. ET on Saturday atAt a time of pandemic, economic meltdown and climate change, it is easy to forget that Trump is now working to defund and destroy Social Securitya longtime Republican dream. No. We will defeat you and expand Social Security, the most successful anti-poverty program in history.This Saturday, join my virtual Vermont town hall, featuring @zuckermanforvt and other guests, to discuss the challenges facing Vermonters heading into the election. Tune in at at 4 p.m. ET.Its no great secret that Joe Biden and I disagree on a number of issues. But theres no question that the economic proposals Joe Biden is supporting are strong and will go a long, long way in improving life for working families. We must elect him and throw Trump out of office.The mainstream media doesn't talk about it. Congress doesn't talk about it. Trump doesn't talk about it. But three multi-billionaires now own more wealth than the bottom half of our society. That level of inequality is immoral and unsustainable.In the richest country on Earth no one should suddenly lose their health insurance, let alone during a pandemic. It's outrageous that our corporate-run system treats health insurance as an employee benefit, not a right. We must end that disgrace and pass Medicare for All.Trump claims he's a "law and order" president. That's funny. This is a president who shamelessly violates the Constitution, incites violence, uses his office to enrich his family, and seven of his top campaign advisers have been criminally charged (so far). Trump must go.Mr. President, your job is to discourage violence, not incite it.Trumps proposal to permanently terminate the payroll tax could defund Social Security and eliminate benefits for senior citizens and people with disabilities in &lt;4 years. Thats not Bernie Sanders talking. Thats what the Social Security Administration recently reported to us.Three months ago the House responded to the enormous pain and suffering of the American people by passing a $3.5 trillion relief package. What has McConnell and the Republican-led Senate done since then? Nothing except pass a bloated Pentagon budget and take a vacation.Young people: your generation holds the future of the nation in your hands. If young people voted at the same rate as older people, we could transform this country.This pandemic has not affected all of us equally. It is absolutely decimating Latino communities, decimating African American families and the families of Native Americans." -@BetoORourke.@JosePGarza is rightthe spread of coronavirus in prisons is a devastating crisis that must be addressed.Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Trump golfs. Senate Republicans go on vacation. Join me now with @BetoORourke, @JulieOliverTX, @JosePGarza and more to demand Republicans pass relief now.We have a president today who is an authoritarian and who is trying to undermine our democracy.Mitch McConnell, end your vacation. 30 million Americans say they dont have enough to eat. Millions more are facing eviction. Join us now for a town hall with Coloradans as we demand Senate Republicans get back to work to protect American families.Starting soon: join our town halls today at 1 pm and 3 pm ET featuring leaders, activists, and candidates in Colorado and Texas to discuss how we must tackle the crises we face and hold Republicans accountable. Tune in atDonald Trump has repeatedly stated, including just the other night, that the economy before the pandemic was the greatest it had ever been in history and he did it all. I dont want to shock anybody, but what Donald Trump said was a lie.Trump is a fraud and a liar. He promised to help working people. Instead, he works for the billionaire class. We must elect @JoeBiden and start moving our economy in the right direction. Watch my live address now:At 12 p.m. ET I will be delivering an address on how President Trump has betrayed American workers, and what must be done if we are to improve the economy for ordinary Americans, and not just the wealthy. Tune in atOur thoughts are with Chadwick Boseman's family and loved ones and all the fans he inspired with his spirit and groundbreaking performances.Today, 57 years since hundreds of thousands of people came together for the #MarchOnWashington for Jobs and Freedom, the struggle continues. Thank you to the many, many people who are showing up and carrying forward the fight for racial justice.Mr. President, if you believe in the American people and our way of life so much, tell them tonight that you are prepared to leave office when you lose. Democracy thats what America is about. #PromisesBrokenMr. President, if you love the American people so much, why are you trying to divide us up based on the color of our skin, our gender, our country of origin and our religion? #PromisesBrokenYes, this is the most important election in history. And you are the most dangerous president in the history of our country. Thats why youre going to lose. #PromisesBrokenTrump promised he would provide "health insurance to everybody." But he is now in court actively trying to take health insurance away from 32 million Americans and eliminate protections for pre-existing conditions during a global pandemic. #PromisesBrokenOne more lie. Trump's budget cuts Medicare by $845 billion and he promised to defund Social Security by permanently terminating the payroll tax. #PromisesBrokenAccording to documented sources, Trump has made 20,000 lies and distortions while in office, and that is before this speech. Will he ever stop lying to the American people? #PromisesBrokenI dont know if this is a record, maybe the last Law and Order president Richard Nixon beat it, but seven of Trumps top campaign advisers have been criminally charged so far. #PromisesBroken400,000 Americans should not be kept in jail for the crime of being poor and unable to afford bail. #PromisesBrokenYes, Mr. President, it is the women of this country who control their own bodies, not you. #PromisesBrokenHere is the Trump manifesto: a government of lies, corruption, greed and rejection of science. #PromisesBrokenTrump promised that the rich would not be gaining at all under his tax plan. But the tax bill he signed into law provides 83% of the benefits to the top 1% while raising taxes on 92 million Americans by the end of the decade. #PromisesBrokenStop the lies. Doctors and nurses today still dont have the masks, gowns and gloves they need to protect themselves and our lives. #PromisesBrokenYes, Trump wants to spend billions on a Space Force, but half a million Americans are homeless and 45 million Americans have student debt. Let's get our priorities right. Invest in working Americans, Mr. President. #PromisesBrokenIn Michigan, there are 57,000 fewer manufacturing jobs than when Trump took office. In Wisconsin, there are 11,000 fewer manufacturing jobs than when Trump took office. In Pennsylvania, there are today 25,000 less manufacturing jobs than when Trump took office. #PromisesBrokenTrump: Abraham Lincoln. Fox: News.Trump took away the legal rights of the 1.8 million young people eligible for DACA. That is an outrage. Those rights must be restored. #PromisesBrokenThis is a president who said he was going to "drain the swamp," but has used his office for blatant personal and political gain, running the most corrupt administration in modern American history. #PromisesBrokenTrump just LOVES socialism when its his family feeding at the trough for $885 million in government subsidies and tax breaks to build a real-estate empire on racial discrimination. #PromisesBrokenTrump's rejection of science has contributed to the unnecessary deaths of tens of thousands of Americans. We need a president who believes in science. #PromisesBrokenRemember the state of the economy before the pandemic? Half of Americans lived paycheck to paycheck 40% of adults didn't have $400 for an emergency 87 million uninsured or underinsured 41 million workers made under $15/hour Nope. That was not a "great economy." #PromisesBrokenAt a time when California is on fire, when Hurricane Laura is doing devastating harm, when is Trump going to get to the part when he tells us that climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese? #PromisesBrokenWe have a president whose contempt for the law is so clear that he holds a political rally at the White House. #PromisesBrokenWe need to protect our democracy and stop the slide into oligarchy. Join @JulieOliverTX, @RepRoKhanna, @ZephyrTeachout, and @Tiffany_Muller for a live roundtable about getting corporate money out of politics:Trump has betrayed the working people of this country and our job tonight, and in the next 68 days, is to expose him for the fraud and pathological liar that he is. I hope to see you while I live-tweet his speech later tonight. #PromisesBrokenTrump promised not to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. That was another whopper. His budgets proposed slashing all three and his payroll tax holiday is designed to bankrupt Social Security and Medicare. #PromisesBrokenTrump said he'd stand up for working families, yet today the rich are getting much richer and there is more income and wealth inequality than any time since the 1920s. Three people now own more wealth than the bottom half of our nation. #PromisesBrokenTrump promised to provide health care to everyone, yet has tried to throw 32 million people off their health insurance. Today, millions more people have no health insurance than when Trump came into office. #PromisesBrokenLet the prebuttal begin! Watching Trump tonight will be hard because you just can't keep up with all the lies. But I will be watching and live-tweeting, hoping he will apologize to the American people for his #PromisesBroken.It's unacceptable that the 4 richest men in the U.S. now own a record-breaking $542 billion in wealth while 92 million Americans are uninsured or under-insured. It's time to tax the windfall profits of these billionaires and expand Medicare to all.I strongly support the NBA, WNBA and MLB players who are striking for racial justice. Real change takes place when people come together and demand it. It is time for the police who shot Jacob Blake seven times in the back to be fired, arrested and prosecuted. Now.Hurricane Laura producing an unsurvivable storm surge in Texas and Louisiana. A catastrophic 800-mile derecho in Iowa and Illinois. Raging wildfires in California. No. The Green New Deal is not radical. Having a president in office who calls climate change a hoaxthat's radical.When Trump says "America will never become a socialist country," remember: his New York real estate empire would be worth nothing without $885 million in government grants, subsidies and tax breaks. Trump l-o-v-e-s corporate socialism for himself, rugged capitalism for the rest.Join me this Saturday for two more town halls featuring leaders, activists, and candidates in Colorado and Texas to discuss how we must tackle the crises we face and hold Republicans accountable. Tune in atDuring the last campaign, candidate Trump promised the American people he would not cut Social Security. We now know that was a lie. No, Mr. President. We will not let you defund Social Security. We are going to sweep you out of office and we are going to expand Social Security.No more tear gas, no more pepper spray, no more rubber bullets on protestors. Ban them all.Remember: A year after Trump's tax plan was signed into law, 91 corporations paid nothing in federal incomes taxes after making billions in profits, including: Amazon Netflix General Motors Chevron FedEx Eli Lilly Starbucks Whirlpool Trump's tax plan was a giveaway to the rich.We must come together to defeat Trump and elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as our next president and vice president. My friends, the price of failure is just too great to imagine.Trump said he would stand with working families, he said he would drain the swamp, he said hed provide health care to everybody, he said hed protect Medicare and Social Security. You can see now that he is a fraud and he lied to all of us.Never forget. While Trump and the Republican Senate denied hazard pay to essential workers, their tax plan allowed Amazon to pay nothing in federal income taxes after making $29 billion in profits. Yes. Trump loves socialism for the rich, rugged capitalism for everyone else.This is not just an election on the issues. This is an election on the future of American democracy.We must fight back against Trump's efforts to destroy USPS. Join the @APWUnational's movement to #SaveThePostOffice and attend a demonstration at your local post office tomorrow, August 25:The police who shot Jacob Blake in the back seven times must be fired, arrested and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Congress cannot wait any longer to act forcefully to end the horrific violence against Black Americans at the hands of police.We cannot accept that our children and grandchildren must face worse fires, worse hurricanes, worse floods and more disasters every year. We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and end their greed. We must pass a Green New Deal.100 days. That's how long ago the House passed a bill to extend $600 a week to 30 million unemployed workers, $1,200 for the working class, hazard pay and $25 billion for the Post Office. During this time, the Senate passed a $740 billion Pentagon budget and took a vacation.If there's going to be a class war in this country, it's time the working class won that war. We can no longer tolerate 3 billionaires owning more wealth than the bottom 50%. We must tax the obscene gains billionaires made in the pandemic and create an economy that works for all.California is on fire. Once in a lifetime hurricanes are sweeping the Gulf Coast. The Arctic topped 100 degrees. The future of our planet is at stake this election. We can no longer have a president in office who rejects science and calls climate change a hoax. #GreenNewDealNever forget. While the Republican Senate refused to extend $600/week for 30 million unemployed workers, it had no problem passing a $1 trillion tax break to the top 1% and large corporations. Trump and the Republicans love socialism for the rich, rugged capitalism for the rest.How absurd. Now, Trump believes he's not only smarter than scientists, but that they are actively plotting against his re-election. We need a president who listens to scientists, not someone who concocts bizarre conspiracy theories. The "very stable genius" must be defeated.While 92 million can't afford health care, the 4 richest Americans are now worth $512.8 billion: - Jeff Bezos: $193 billion - Bill Gates: $122 billion - Mark Zuckerberg: $101 billion - Elon Musk: $96.8 billion It's time to tax the billionaire class and expand Medicare to all.This November, we have got to come out and vote in record-breaking numbers. Get your mail-in ballots sent early. Bring your friends and neighbors to the polls. Our job is to defeat Trump and remind him what democracy is.Over 1 million Americans filed for unemployment this week. Republicans in the Senate are doing nothing to provide relief. Join me now for a town hall with @MarkPocan to demand McConnell and Republican leadership take action.While Californians suffer, the president, as usual, blames everyone else. Trump is a pathological liar and his rejection of science is a disaster. He must be defeated badly, and we must take bold action to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel and save the planet.Too many people have fought and died for democracy. Donald Trump, we are not going to let you destroy that democracy.Well hold Republicans accountable for their inaction while Iowans face eviction, hunger and recover from a devastating derecho. Join my live town hall with @swalker06 and members of the Iowa grassroots:TODAY: Join our town halls on addressing the crises in Iowa and Wisconsin atSen. Paul is dead wrong. The beauty of the Postal Service is that it doesn't matter if you're a low-income senior living on a dirt road in Kentucky or a wealthy CEO living on Park Avenueyou get your mail delivered 6 days a week at a low cost. We must save, not dismantle, USPS.The American people are already paying for a vaccine through their tax dollars. When a vaccine does become available, every American must receive that vaccine for free.While 40 million Americans face eviction, Wall Street is making record profits. While 30 million workers lost jobs, 12 billionaires are now worth a record $1 trillion. No. We dont need austerity for working families. We need austerity for the 1% and multinational corporations.Join @nationalnurses for a webinar on the disproportionate impacts of the pandemic on people of color in America, particularly Black Americans, and how we must work to ensure economic, social, and environmental equity for all:Millions rely on the Postal Service for prescription drugs that treat diabetes, high blood pressure and more. Trump's attack on the Postal Service doesn't just threaten our election, it could very well be deadly as well. Postmaster General DeJoy must go.Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Trump plays golf at his country club and Senate Republicans take a vacation while 40 million Americans face eviction and 30 million workers are unemployed. It's time for the Senate to do its job, protect working families and get back to work now.Medicare for All is not a radical idea, but let me tell you what is. A cruel system that causes 92 million Americans to be uninsured or under-insured during a pandemic, while the health care industry made $54.6 billion in profits during the last quarter alone. That's radical.Every year we see more extreme weather disasters. Every year we see more people displaced, homes destroyed and lives lost due to climate change. We cannot accept that this is our childrens future.  We must end dependence on fossil fuels and pass a Green New Deal.We have a president who has admitted that he is trying to destroy the Postal Service to prevent people from voting. This election is about whether we retain our democracy.Another 1.1 million Americans have filed for unemployment.  People are going hungry and being evicted. It's beyond comprehension that Mitch McConnell and the do-nothing Republican Senate refuse to take action. Leader McConnell: Get back to work and pass relief for Americans.The day is comingand must comewhen in this country, health care is seen as a human right, not just a job benefit.All of the mail sorting machines and blue mailboxes that have been removed must be replaced, overtime for postal workers must be restored, and the Postmaster General must be removed from office. Trump's attack on the Postal Service cannot stand.When we talk about creating an economy and a government based on justice, it means racial justice and the end of systemic racism in this country in every aspect of our lives.Working Americans are devastated by the pandemic and Republicans are doing nothing. Iowans are recovering from a disastrous derecho and Trump is doing nothing. Unacceptable. Join our town halls on Saturday on addressing the crises in Iowa and Wisconsin atDon't forget for a second that we are winning the ideological struggle. Together, our movement is producing the next generation of leaders in our country. #UnitedAgainstTrumpCongratulations to @MoniqueHWorrell for winning the nomination for Orange-Osceola County State Attorney! We need her leadership in Florida as we fight to reform a broken and racist criminal justice system.Trump must be defeated and defeated badly. Join me, @Ilhanmn, @cpdaction and our progressive allies LIVE to learn how well organize to stand up against greed and oligarchy. #UnitedAgainstTrumpTrump must be defeated and defeated badly. Join me, @Ilhanmn, @cpdaction and our progressive allies LIVE to learn how well organize to stand up against greed and oligarchy. #UnitedAgainstTrumpTrump's big lie: Convince voters that he's trying to save the Post Office while he actively works to destroy it in order to sabotage the election. Don't be fooled. We will protect the integrity of our elections, save the Post Office and defeat Trump.Tonight @janeosanders and I will join @DaveZuckermanVT, @emmaforvthouse, @diengali, Buff Lindau and Huck Gutman to cast Vermonts official nominating votes for president of the United States during the #DemConvention.This is the language used by demagogues. Trump is going to lose not because of non-existent voter fraud. He's going to lose because the American people are sick and tired of his pathological lies, his rejection of science, his racism and his sexism.Today we recognize the incredible courage of the women who fought to pass the 19th Amendment 100 years ago. We must also recognize that the right to vote, particularly for women of color, is still at risk, and our struggle for justice continues. #WomensVote100Why is the president engaging in a racist and xenophobic attack against Kamala Harris? Weve got to get this pathological liar out of the White House.Today is Election Day in Florida, Alaska and Wyoming! Florida, vote for @MoniqueHWorrell and @JoeKimok to transform our justice system. Find information about voting here:We must come together, defeat Donald Trump and elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as our next president and vice president. My friends, the price of failure is just too great to imagine. #DemConventionI say to everyone who supported other candidates in the primary and to those who may have voted for Donald Trump in the last election:  The future of our democracy is at stake. The future of our economy is at stake. The future of our planet is at stake. #DemConventionTogether we must build a nation that is more equitable and more inclusive. I know that Joe Biden will begin that fight on day one. #DemConventionSince this pandemic began, 30+ million people have lost their jobs and many have lost their health insurance.  Millions are wondering how they'll feed their kids and worried that they will be evicted.  Trumps negligence has exacerbated the economic crisis. #DemConventionTrump isn't just a threat to our democracy, but by rejecting science he has put our lives in jeopardy. Trump has attacked doctors and scientists trying to protect us from the pandemic and refused to take strong action. Nero fiddled while Rome burned; Trump golfs. #DemConventionUnder this administration, authoritarianism has taken root in our country. As long as I am here, I will work with progressives, with moderates, and, yes, with conservatives to preserve this nation from a threat that so many of our heroes fought and died to defeat. #DemConventionOur campaign ended several months ago, but our movement continues. Many of the ideas we fought for, that just a few years ago were considered "radical," are now mainstream. But if Trump is re-elected, all the progress we have made will be in jeopardy. #DemConventionTogether we have moved this country in a bold new direction showing that all of us Black and white, Latino, Native American, Asian American, gay and straight, native born and immigrant yearn for a nation based on the principles of justice, love, and compassion. #DemConventionWe need an unprecedented response to the crises we facea movement, like never before, of people who are prepared to stand up and fight for democracy and decencyand against greed, oligarchy, and bigotry. And we need Joe Biden as our next president. #DemConventionWe face the most important election in the modern history of this country. We need a movement of people to stand up for democracy and decency. Join me live at the @DemConvention:We have got to beat Trump, an authoritarian who is trying to undermine American democracy. But it is not good enough just to defeat Trump. We need to create a new America and a government and an economy that works for all and not just a few.Mr. President. Admit it. Your executive order on housing is a total fraud. The 40 million Americans who face eviction don't need more studies. They need the Senate to cancel rent and ban evictions. Tell Senate Republicans to come back from vacation and pass legislation now.For once in his life Trump was actually honest. He was honest when he said hes trying to destroy the Postal Service because he wants to suppress the vote. Sorry, Mr. President. Too many people fought and died for American democracy. Youre not going to destroy it.It's absolutely unacceptable that 467 billionaires increased their wealth by $731 billion during the pandemic, while 30 million Americans lost their jobs and now face hunger and eviction. Now, more than ever, we need an economy that works for all, not the 1%. The Senate must act.What's happening in Iowa is absolutely unacceptable. While Trump plays golf, tens of thousands of Iowans don't have electricity or running water in the middle of a pandemic. This storm hit almost a week ago. Do your job and declare a federal disaster, President Trump.This is a time of great national crisis and Mitch McConnell has got to understand the realities facing working people right now.Let's be clear. Trump is working overtime to slow down the mail including people's medicine, paychecks and bill paymentsin order to keep people from voting in a pandemic. We will not let him succeed. We will sweep him out of office and defend the Postal Service.The Postmaster General must resign immediately.The working class of this country deserves better than Mitch McConnell and do-nothing Senate Republicans. Join our live town hall now with @paulajean2020 and West Virginians to discuss the bold action we need in this crisis:TONIGHT: At 6 pm ET, join me and @paulajean2020 for a virtual town hall to discuss how we can fight for West Virginians during this crisis and stand up to do-nothing Republicans. Tune in atWere in the midst of the greatest economic crisis in 100 years and Mitch McConnell is doing nothing. Join my live town hall with @Booker4Ky and Ashley Snider to demand Senate Republicans stand with working people now.Trump is not stupid. He knows if there is a decent sized turnout in this election, he loses. He and his friends believe they can suppress the vote by destroying the Post Office. We arent going to allow that to happen.TODAY at 3 pm ET: Watch our live town hall with @Booker4KY on how we must fight for justice in Kentucky and hold Republicans accountable for their inaction during this crisis. Tune in atOur fight for Black lives must include taking on a prison-industrial complex that criminalizes poverty and devastates communities of color. Tune in to a conversation with progressive candidates for state attorney in Florida, @MoniqueHWorrell and @joekimok"We have built a criminal legal system specifically designed to oppress people of color... in which police can beat and kill Black folks with impunity" -@JoeKimok, candidate for Broward County State Attorney Watch the full conversation tonight at 7 ET atFor once in his life Donald Trump was honest. Yesterday he made it clear that he wanted to destroy the U.S. Postal Service so that people couldn't cast mail-in ballots. That ain't gonna happen. We're going to save the Postal Service, have a huge voter turnout and defeat Trump.Poverty is not a crime. As state attorney in Florida, @MoniqueHWorrell will end cash bail and the school-to-prison pipeline.  Watch the full conversation on transforming our justice system tonight at 7:00 pm ET on our social media.Another day in the life of Trump: He makes a racist attack against Kamala Harris. He undermines democracy by defunding the postal service and preventing mail-in ballots. He wants to use the White House lawn for his Republican convention. Trump must be defeated.TONIGHT: It is not enough to just say Black Lives Matter. We must take on the institutions that continually exploit Black people. Hear directly from @MoniqueHWorrell, @JoeKimok and more as they discuss how we transform our racist justice system.Cowardly Republicans are refusing to take action to help working families. Thats unacceptable and we will hold them accountable.  Join our live town halls this weekend featuring @Booker4KY and @paulajean2020:During the worst economic crisis in modern history, it is shameful that Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans think they can take a vacation while Americans face eviction and hunger.  No. We cant wait. Get back to work and now and pass legislation to help the American people.When we talk about achieving justice for workers in America, that means fighting to end the disgrace of Black women making only 62 cents on the dollar compared to white men. #BlackWomensEqualPayDayDo not forget. The attacks on the Postal Service did not begin with Trump. Republicans have been trying to privatize it for years. We cannot allow them to destroy itCongress must expand and strengthen the Postal Service and protect 630,000 jobs.Today on Fox, Trump made it clear that his effort to defund the Postal Service is a blatant attempt at mass voter suppression. No, Mr. President. We won't let you sabotage the election. This is a democracy, not a damn dictatorship. Your reign of authoritarianism will soon end.Trump just repeated that if he's re-elected he'll "terminate" the funding for Social Security. Well, I've got some bad news for Trump and his billionaire friends on Wall Street. We're not going to let you defund Social Security. We're going to defeat you & expand Social Security.For parents all over the country, taking time off or working fewer hours to care for their children is simply not an option.  Join @AOC and @JabariBrisport now for a live workshop on how to safely organize a community childcare collective.Working people all across the country are in critical need of relief, and now is not the time to think small. Add your name to call on Senate Democrats to fight for bold legislation that will support those who need it most.Let me applaud @RonJohnsonWI for his honesty. While millions live in fear & economic desperation, most Republicans want: $0 for the unemployed $0 for the sick $0 for the hungry  The Republican agenda is clear: Do nothing, while millions suffer. Pathetic.Millions of people are losing their health insurance during a pandemic and a housing crisis. No. We cannot maintain a system that treats health care an employee benefit. It must be a right. We need Medicare for All.Shock of shocks. The same Republicans who tell us we can't afford to provide $600 a week in unemployment benefits to 30 million Americans want to give a $102 billion tax break for the wealthy. Yes. The Republicans love socialism for the rich, rugged capitalism for everyone else..@AndruVolinsky isn't taking money from corporate PACs and wealthy tax evaders. He's taking them on. Andru has fought for the people of New Hampshire his entire career. Let's make sure he continues that fight as New Hampshire's next governor.Unlike the "very stable genius" I'm not a religious scholar. But somewhere I read that pathological lying and providing tax breaks for the rich, while ignoring the pain of the hungry, the homeless and the sick is not exactly following the golden rule.Congratulations to @IlhanMN, a leader of incredible courage, for winning her primary in Minnesota tonight. Americans want bold, progressive leaders like Ilhan in Congress, and together we will create a nation that works for all.Congratulations to @zuckermanforvt for winning the Democratic primary for governor of Vermont!Congratulations to @KamalaHarris, who will make history as our next Vice President. She understands what it takes to stand up for working people, fight for health care for all, and take down the most corrupt administration in history. Lets get to work and win.It comes as no surprise to me that Masks for All is something people believe is rational, simple, and life-saving. Now lets stand together and demand Congress act to save lives by passing this bill.Minnesota, send @IlhanMN back to Congress to continue the fight for progressive values. Find your voting info atMr. President: 11 days ago 30 million Americans lost $600/week in benefits. They're living in desperation and fear. The only way they can get help now is if you negotiate with Congress and sign legislation into law. Phony and unconstitutional executive orders won't pay the bills.Huge corporations like Uber will do anything to avoid paying workers a decent wage with good benefits, but their greed cannot and will not stand. This is a major victory. We must keep fighting until all workers live in dignity.Insulin in Canada is one-tenth of the U.S. price for the same exact vial, from the same exact company. The greed of drug companies is out of control and the cost is human lives.Make no mistake about it. This is a blatant attempt by Trump's handpicked Postmaster General (and campaign contributor) to sabotage the Postal Service, suppress the vote and undermine democracy. The Postmaster General should either resign or be removed from office immediately.The $600 a week in additional unemployment insurance has helped many Americans stay afloat during this terrible pandemic. If you received it, how does that assistance being cut or reduced affect you and your family?This pandemic has exposed the ugly realities of the rigged economy. While 467 billionaires saw their wealth increase by $730 billion in the last few months, working families lost their jobs, health care and homes. We need an economy that works for all, not just the 1%.Congratulations to @BethDoglio on advancing to the general election. She will fight for a Green New Deal and health care for all. Lets do everything we can to put her in Congress.President Trump: stop being a phony. Your executive order on housing is a cruel joke. Your "eviction moratorium" won't prevent one tenant from being evicted or provide one cent to pay the rent. 40 million Americans are in danger of being evicted. Stop lying. Cancel the rent now.Trump & Senate Republicans have made it clear what their agenda is: - Defund Social Security & Medicare - Defund unemployment benefits - Dismantle the Postal Service - More tax breaks for the 1% - More corporate welfare for defense contractors They must be defeated - big time.Today, Trump announced that if he is re-elected he will permanently defund Social Security. That may make sense to the billionaires at his country club, but it makes zero sense to me.  No, Mr. President. We will not let you destroy Social Security. We will defeat you badly.President Trump. Stop being a total fraud and support the $600 a week unemployment supplement passed by the House 2 months ago.  How can states come up with 25% of the cost when many of them are already on the verge of bankruptcy? What a scam.Trump may not know it while playing golf with his billionaire friends, but millions of unemployed Americans are now going hungry and facing evictions.If the GOP can provide $1 trillion in tax breaks for the rich, they can support a $600 supplement for unemployment insurance.Volunteers powered our movement historic victories this week. Join our Weekend of Action and help elect these progressives: @IlhanMN @AndruVolinsky @MoniqueHWorrell @JoeKimok @DaveZuckermanVT @Mindi4Congress1 @ErhardMahnke @tanyavforvt  Sign up here:Every time Elon Musk pokes fun at government assistance for the 99%, remember that he would be worth nothing without $4.9 billion in corporate welfare. Oh, Elon just l-o-v-e-s corporate socialism for himself, rugged capitalism for everyone else.At a time when so many are hurting, the very, very, very rich should not be getting much richer. By taxing the wealth gains made by just a few hundred billionaires during this pandemic, we can provide health care for all.There's a reason why Trump wants to sabotage the U.S. Postal Service. In a pandemic, people need mail-in ballots. If the mail is delayed, as Trump is doing, fewer people will vote. If fewer people vote, Trump can win the election. Support the post office. Support democracy.The fact that Republicans took away $600 a week in unemployment benefits for 30 million Americans while 467 billionaires made $730 billion during a global pandemic is the real looting in America that we must end. #MakeBillionairesPayYou all who supported candidates like @CoriBush, @RashidaTlaib and @JamaalBowmanNY, your work got these people elected. They inspire me and they are inspiring the American people.How has this pandemic and economic crisis affected your ability to afford rent, utilities, food or health care?Wealth gains by billionaires during the pandemic: Jeff Bezos: +$71 billion Walton Family: +$21 billion Mark Zuckerberg: +$38 billion By taxing 60% of the wealth gains by 467 billionaires, we could cover all out-of-pocket health care costs for a year."For all the corporate bullies and corporations that think theyre going to make government about them, theres a bunch of us coming. Our squad is getting bigger and bigger. - @RashidaTlaibProgressives are not just fighting for the right things. We are prepared to take on powerful special interests.  We know and have always known that real change never takes place without struggle. No one gives you anything. Youve got to fight for it.Our movement gets stronger every day. Join me now for a livestream with @CoriBush, @RashidaTlaib and @JamaalBowmanNY to discuss their historic victories and the next steps for our movement.It is time for the Senate to act on behalf of the working class who are hurting like they have never hurt before, not the billionaire class who are doing phenomenally well and have never had it so good.We have a choice to make. We can continue to allow the very rich to get much richer while everyone else gets poorer and poorer. Or we can tax the winnings a handful of billionaires made during the pandemic to improve the health and well-being of tens of millions of Americans.In my view, we can no longer tolerate the three wealthiest people in America owning more wealth than the bottom 50 percent, while over 30 million Americans have lost their jobs and 92 million people are either uninsured or under-insured.Yes, by taxing 60% of the wealth gains made by just 467 billionaires during this pandemic, we could guarantee health care as a right for an entire year. And billionaires would still be able to pocket over $310 billion in gains during the worst downturn since the Great Depression.If we taxed 60% of the windfall gains 467 billionaires made from March 18th until August 3rd we could raise over $420 billion. Thats enough revenue to allow Medicare to pay all of the out-of-pocket health care expenses for everyone in America over the next 12 months.At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, when so many our people are hurting, it is morally obscene for billionaires to use a global pandemic as an opportunity to make outrageous profits.While millions of Americans are lining up at emergency food banks because they dont have enough money to put food on the table, Mark Zuckerberg the founder of Facebook has increased his wealth by more than $37 billion during the pandemic and is now worth over $90 billion.While 40 million Americans face eviction, Elon Musk has nearly tripled his wealth over the past four months and now has a net worth of more than $70 billion.While U.S. taxpayers are subsidizing the starvation wages at Walmart, our nations largest private employer, the Walton family has made over $20 billion during the pandemic and now has a net worth of over $200 billion.While Amazon is denying paid sick leave, hazard pay and personal protective equipment to 450,000 of its workers, Jeff Bezos has increased his wealth by over $70 billion.Let me give you a few examples of the incredible growth in inequality that is taking place during this horrific pandemic.In the midst of a president undermining democracy and moving us toward an authoritarian government, in the midst of all of that, we are seeing a massive increase in income and wealth inequality and the movement in this country toward oligarchy.In other words, in the midst of a pandemic, in the midst of an economic meltdown for working families, in the midst of a great struggle regarding systemic racism and police brutality, in the midst of the existential threat of climate change...In all likelihood, in the midst of everything else, we are currently witnessing what is likely the greatest transfer of wealth from the middle class and the poor to the very rich in the modern history of this country.Meanwhile, during the last four months, while the very, very rich have become much richer, American households have seen their wealth go down by $6.5 trillion.Let me repeat that. 467 billionaires have seen their wealth go up by over $730 billion during the pandemic.While over 30 million Americans have seen their $600 a week in unemployment benefits expire, emergency actions taken by the Federal Reserve to prop up the stock market have meant that 467 billionaires saw their wealth go up by over $730 billion since the pandemic began.What I think many people do not fully understand is that not everyone is hurting in America. Not everyone needs the Senate to act.I will be introducing legislation tomorrow to tax the obscene wealth gains billionaires have made during the public health crisis..@RepRabhis big win means he will continue to lead the charge for the states universal health care bill and renewable energy plan in the Michigan House of Representatives. Congratulations all on your victories!From Medicare for All and a $15 minimum wage to a Green New Deal and college for all, we are lucky to have @AbrahamAiyash fighting for our agenda in Michigan.Voters are demanding real criminal justice reform, and they proved it by propelling @kdmcdonald2020 to a huge victory over the incumbent prosecutor in Oakland County, Michigan..@EliNSavit ran and won a progressive platform to take on the pharmaceutical industrys greed and corruption, and to protect tenants and consumers when their rights are violated.The people of Missouri voted to expand Medicaid, saying clearly that nobody should go without health care. The grassroots movement to guarantee health care as a human right for all is growing.Last night was full of incredible victories in our movement for a more progressive America. In St. Louis, @votegardner2020s re-election means she will continue to fight to hold police accountable and end mass incarceration.This is what a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights is: The right to a decent paying job. The right to quality health care. The right to a complete education. The right to affordable housing. The right to a clean environment. The right to a secure retirement. Let's keep fighting.TONIGHT: Ill be joining @CoriBush, @RashidaTlaib and @JamaalBowmanNY to reflect on their historic victories and whats next for our movement. Tune in at 8:00 PM ET.But we cannot stop now. If we keep fighting, we are going to transform this country in November. Onward.Don't let anyone fool you. The truth is, despite the opposition of powerful special interests, we are transforming American politics. The political revolution is gaining more and more support.All across this country, from coast to coast, people are standing up and fighting back not only against Trump, but for an agenda that works for the working families of this country.Progressives are on the move. Reps. @RashidaTlaib and @PramilaJayapal last night won landslide re-election victories, and @CoriBush scored an incredible upset win in Missouri. So what do these victories say about the current moment?Congratulations to @PramilaJayapal on her huge victory last night. She is a brilliant leader for Medicare for All, and has led the fight in standing up to Trumps racism, sexism and xenophobia. We are lucky to have her in Congress.Congratulations to @CoriBush. What a remarkable victory.Congratulations @RashidaTlaib on your reelection victory! More than ever, America needs your leadership to take on the greed and corruption of the economic establishment.Congratulations to @CoriBush on her primary victory tonight! She is a true progressive who stands with working people and will take on the corporate elite of this country when she gets to Congress.Making sure that every American has a high-quality mask, and wears it, is an important step forward in combatting this horrific pandemic. Every day we delay providing masks for all, lives are needlessly lost.How surreal it is to have a president who supports conspiracy nuts, rejects science and attacks epidemiologists like Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx. Trump's "handling" of the pandemic has cost us tens of thousands of lives. For the health and safety of America, Trump must be defeated.LIVE NOW: I'm joining @PplsAction to talk about why we need a huge voter turnout to defeat Donald Trump and transform our country so it works for all of us.10. Donald Trump is hostile to the LGBTQ community.9. Donald Trump is a religious bigot.8. Donald Trump is a sexist.7. Donald Trump is a xenophobe.6. Donald Trump is a racist.5. Donald Trump's policies benefit his billionaire friends, while attacking the needs of working families.4. Donald Trump does not believe in science.3. Donald Trump is a pathological liar.2. Donald Trump does not understand or respect the Constitution of the United States.1. Donald Trump is, at his core, an authoritarian leader who does not believe in democracy.I want to give you ten reasons (and there are many more) as to why, together, we have got to do everything we can to create the largest voter turnout in history and send Trump packing.This is a no-brainer. Masks are not a political or partisan issue. Providing all of our people with high-quality, reusable masks without cost will save tens of thousands of lives and save our economy billions of dollars.Defeating Donald Trump and transforming this country is going to require a historic voter turnout. Tonight Im joining @PplsAction, a leading organization in this fight, for the Rise Up 2020 Get Out The Vote Launch. RSVP here:Our dysfunctional health care system becomes more cruel each day: -5.4 million Americans lost health insurance -92 million people are uninsured or under-insured While the health care industry made $43 billion in 3rd quarter profits We need Medicare for All now more than ever.In the years I've known @tanyavforvt, she has impressed me with her dedication to working class and marginalized Vermonters. At this very difficult moment for working families in Vermont, she has been a tireless advocate for justice.I have worked with @ErhardMahnke on countless issues ever since I was Mayor of Burlington. His entire career has been dedicated to making sure that all Vermonters lead lives of dignity. I am proud to endorse him for the Vermont State Senate.I have worked with @SenatorCP for decades. He is a strong progressive who will continue to lead the fight for economic, social, racial and environmental justice. At this very difficult moment, we need strong and courageous leaders like Chris Pearson in Montpelier.As Auditor, @douglashoffer has never been afraid to ask the tough questions and follow the facts. I am proud to endorse his re-election campaign because he has always, and will always, fight for all Vermonters.I'm proud to endorse @TJforVermont's re-election campaign for Vermont Attorney General so that he can continue to fight against the greed of the pharmaceutical industry, a ban on life without parole and expanding the practice of expungement in Vermont.This is the most important election of our lifetimes. Vote early, and organize your friends, coworkers and co-students to vote as well.People are at their wits' end. They are wondering how they are going to feed their families while Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans have done nothing for two and a half months.I'm endorsing @ElectSharlett's grassroots campaign because she knows that to make real change we must put the needs of the working class over corporate profits and take on powerful special interests.Steve Mnuchin wants to slash $600 a week in unemployment benefits for 30 million workers who lost jobs, but supports the continuation of a $500 billion slush fund for corporations. The Trump Administration loves socialism for the rich, unfettered capitalism for everyone else.Democrats in the House passed legislation to address the unemployment crisis two months ago. But Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans have done nothing. Millions of people cannot wait. The time to act is now.And the very rich get much richer. Over half of American households have lost income during the pandemic, while 491 billionaires have increased their wealth by $743 billion. This is obscene. We need an economy that works for all, not a rigged economy for the wealthy and powerful.The clock is ticking. While the economy tanks, some 30 million workers are losing their $600 a week unemployment supplement. Their families are facing hunger, eviction and foreclosure. The House has acted. The Senate must act NOW.The U.S. economy shrank a record-breaking 33% in the second quarter. How many more Americans have to lose their jobs, health insurance and housing before the do-nothing Senate acts to protect the working class? Extend unemployment, pass $2,000 monthly payments & cancel rent now.The House passed legislation to extend the expanded unemployment program on May 15. That was 78 days ago. But Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans refused to act. Now, 30 million Americans are scrambling to make ends meet. The Republicans must get their act together.Sad but not surprising. The Senate GOP chose to let $600 a week in unemployment benefits expire for 30 million Americans, but had no problem giving the Pentagon another $740 billion. We need new national priorities. Let's stand with workers, not the Military Industrial Complex.Eid Mubarak to all of our Muslim friends. May today bring peace, safety and happiness to you and your loved ones.No, Mr. President. You're not going to postpone the election. You're not going to dismantle the Postal Service. Youre not going to undermine the vote-by-mail system. This election will have the largest voter turnout in history, and you're going to lose.I want to thank the Biden campaign, the delegates and the members of the committee who forged this agreement. What it says, very simply, is that the will of the people must come first.Sorry, Mr. Trump. There is going to be an election on November 3rd, 2020. And guess what? Youre gonna lose..@TreasurerPearce has been the leading progressive voice in public finance in Vermont and nationally for years. I'm proud to endorse her re-election campaign for Vermont State Treasurer so she can continue working for the financial prosperity for all Vermonters.The economy is sinking and 30 million workers are about to lose their extended unemployment benefits. The House has done its job. The Republican leadership in the Senate must act. We must protect working families NOW.No, Mr. President. We're not delaying the election. The American people are sick and tired of your authoritarianism, your lies, your racism. On November 3, 2020 democracy will prevail and your disastrous presidency will end. Bye-bye.Masks for all.  It shouldnt be partisan or complicated.  We can save lives right now.  Lets get it done.West Virginia has one of the highest poverty rates in the country. They deserve a senator who will put the working class first. I need @paulajean2020 in the Senate with me, and I hope the people of West Virginia will support her.Some of our strongest allies in the fight for justice have tough primaries coming up. Join our day of action this Saturday, August 1, to contact voters for: @IlhanMN @RashidaTlaib @CoriBush @VBH4Prosecutor @MoniqueHWorrell @joekimok Sign up here:The very, very rich are getting much richer during the pandemic: $73 billion: Jeff Bezos $45 billion: Elon Musk $31 billion: Mark Zuckerberg $28 billion: Bill Gates $19 billion: L Page $19 billion: Sergey Brin Total: $215 billion Tax their wealth. Break up Big TechThe next 100 days may be the most important 100 days in the history of our country.Every credible scientist and doctor tells us that wearing masks is critical to saving lives and stopping the spread of COVID-19. But apparently the world-renowned health expert, Donald Trump Jr., thinks otherwise. I'll stick with science and wear a mask, thank you very much.No, Im not kidding. In the GOP COVID-19 bill there is a major cut in unemployment benefits, no funding to feed the hungry or prevent evictions. Oh, yes! But there is $29 billion for the Pentagon. Not going to happen.The Republicans' COVID-19 plan? 100% deductions for rich people to go out for three-martini lunches while millions of Americans are facing hunger and eviction.  Pathetic is too mild a word.Masks save lives, period. Today I am introducing legislation to provide high-quality, reusable masks to every person in this country free of charge.  This is a no-brainer.The GOP COVID-19 bill includes $2 billion for F-35s $1.75 billion for an FBI building $1 billion for surveillance planes $375 million for armored vehicles $360 million for missile defense $283 million for Apache helicopters $0 for millions facing eviction It's Dead on ArrivalThe Senate Republican plan: - $29,400,000,000 for the Pentagon - $0 for hazard pay - $0 for nutrition assistance - $0 for the uninsured/under-insured - $0 for the Postal Service - $0 for state and local governments - 100% deduction for three-martini CEO lunches What a disaster.We need leaders in Congress who are unafraid of the big corporations and the fossil fuel industry. That is the fight @BethDoglio has been leading in Washington state. And that is the fight she will continue in Washington, D.C.In the U.S.A., 3 multi-billionaires own more wealth than the bottom half of the country. Meanwhile, we're the only major nation not to guarantee health care, paid family and medical leave or vacation time. We need a government that represents all of us, not just the few.Senate Republicans will propose a bill to slash unemployment benefits, increase the Pentagon budget and provide another tax break to CEOs. Unacceptable. We need a COVID-19 relief bill that works for the working class and the most vulnerable, not wealthy campaign contributors.I am proud to endorse @zuckermanforvts campaign for governor and know he will continue to ensure Vermonters have an economy that works for all of us.At a time when 30 million workers have lost jobs and tens of millions are food insecure and face eviction, the Senate must pass a bill this week to extend current unemployment benefits, expand Medicare to all and provide $2,000 a month to the working-class until the crisis ends.Today as we mark the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, we must continue the work to make sure every American is afforded the fundamental right to dignity, independence, and financial security.Last election, Trump sent troops to the border to stop the "invasion." This election, he is sending troops to Portland to stop "anarchists." Trump thrives on racism, hatred, divisiveness and fear-mongering. For the sake of our democracy, he must be defeated.Nothing is more morally grotesque than hedge fund managers using a pandemic as an opportunity to make windfall profits off a potential COVID-19 vaccine. Anyone using insider information on this vaccine must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.Join our day of action today to support progressives running for office across the country:What a hypocrite. Elon Musk has received billions in corporate welfare from U.S. taxpayers. Now he wants to stop 30 million Americans who lost jobs from receiving $600 a week in unemployment benefits, while his wealth has gone up by $46.7 billion over the past 4 months. Pathetic..@CoriBush is a true progressive who we can trust to stand with working people and take on the corporate elite of this country.I am once again asking you to wear a mask.Thousands of airport workers in New York fought to pass the #HealthyTerminalsAct. Once signed into law, this bill will give frontline airport workers access to affordable health care. Congratulations to @32BJSEIU and workers on this victory!After working for 15 years in the health care finance world, @JulieOliverTX saw how health care companies prioritize their bottom line over people. Electing Julie to Congress will send a clear message that Texans are ready for Medicare for All.Today we have a president who does not believe in democracy. A president cannot send troops wherever he wants to quash dissent.While we supposedly don't have enough money to protect workers, children and the sick, hedge fund billionaires who lost out on their risky and reckless bets get trillions in secret bailouts. We must stop Wall Street bailouts and protect working families.Im also proud to endorse @kdmcdonald2020 for Oakland County Prosecutor. She will take on a criminal justice system that criminalizes poverty, perpetuates institutionalized racism, and continues a failed war on drugs that has devastated communities of color.Today Im proud to endorse @joekimok for Broward County State Attorney. Joe has witnessed first-hand the devastation our criminal legal system causes. The people of Broward County have a huge opportunity to bring real change to their communities by electing him.The fact that Jeff Bezos increased his wealth by $13 billion in 1 day during a pandemic, while his employees struggle to make ends meet and 50 million Americans are filing for unemployment, tells you a great deal about how our economy is rigged in favor of the billionaire class.One of the most important things you can do right now is to make sure progressives win primaries at all levels of government. Sign up for our day of action tomorrow to support candidates like @BethDoglio, @PramilaJayapal and @CoriBush:Trump wants to give wealthy businessmen a tax break to go out to fancy restaurants, but opposes nutrition assistance to millions of low-income Americans who are going hungry. Yes. Trump loves corporate socialism for his rich friends, unfettered capitalism for everyone else.If we stand together, we can pass a Green New Deal and protect the planet for future generations. Join our organizing call with @sunrisemvmt and @CoriBush live now:Join our day of action on Saturday! Lets continue the political revolution and expand our movement by electing strong candidates across the country.Today, almost half of the Senate Democratic Caucus voted to cut Pentagon spending by 10% and invest in human needs. We'll continue building a movement which understands the importance of investing in working people, not spending more on defense than the next 11 nations combined.TONIGHT: Join me, @sunrisemvmt, and @CoriBush for an important organizing call.  Together, we can win a progressive agenda and a Green New Deal. RSVP at22 million people are in danger of eviction. 50 million have filed for unemployment. This is not the time to spend more than the next 11 nations combined on the military. Tell your senator to support my amendment to cut the military budget by 10% by calling 202-224-3121.Rep. Ted Yoho should spend his time fighting for the thousands of Floridians who are about to lose unemployment benefits and face evictions, not denigrate and insult a champion of working families like @AOC. We need more AOC and less Yoho in Congress.Tomorrow night, join me, @sunrisemvmt, and congressional candidate @CoriBush for an important call on continuing our movement to advance a progressive agenda and a Green New Deal. RSVP atTrump has now concluded that wearing masks is a good idea. That's great. Tragically, for thousands who unnecessarily died, it's three months too late. We need a government that believes in science, not one undermining the CDC. For the health of our nation, Trump must go.We must change our priorities. Add your name to say you support a 10% cut in annual Pentagon spending to allow for investments in jobs, education, health care and poverty reduction in Americas most vulnerable communities.What if maybe, just maybe, instead of passing a $740 billion defense budget, the Senate used funds to create jobs and build: -Affordable housing -Schools -Childcare facilities -Community health centers -Public hospitals -Libraries -Clean water facilitiesMy Senate colleagues have a fundamental choice: Vote to spend more money on endless wars while failing to provide economic security to millions of Americans. Or vote to spend less on weapons and cost overruns, and more to rebuild struggling communities in their home states.During this pandemic Jeff Bezos saw his wealth increase by $74 billion. Meanwhile, 50 million Americans are filing for unemployment, and millions face hunger, lack of health care and evictions. Unacceptable! We must create an economy that works for all, not just the very rich.As coronavirus infections, hospitalizations and deaths are surging to record levels across America, the Republican Senate has decided to provide more funding for the Pentagon than the next 11 nations military budgets combined. Simply outrageous.Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -President Eisenhower We must cut the Pentagon budget by 10%.Today I stand with workers across the country who are participating in the #StrikeForBlackLives. Our job as a nation: eradicate all forms of racial injustice in every part of our society so that Black Americans can finally live in security and dignity.We have got to transform our priorities. We should not pass a $740 billion defense budget at a time when so many are struggling.Tens of millions of Americans have filed for unemployment and this is what the Republicans are offering? Instead, we should extend unemployment benefits, provide $2,000 a month to every American, and expand Medicare to all.In recent months 30 million workers have lost their jobs and their income. Many struggle to put food on the table. This week the Senate must pass a bill to fully extend unemployment benefits, provide a $2,000 monthly stipend and guarantee health care for the length of the crisis.In the richest nation in the world, people are forced to risk their lives for starvation wages. That is a moral outrage. Every worker deserves a living wage and a safe workplace, especially in the middle of a deadly pandemic.The U.S.A. is the only major country not to guarantee health care to all. If you're wealthy you can buy excellent care. If you're poor or working class, tough luck. You die younger and experience more illness and pain. Health care is a human right. We need Medicare for All.Amidst the many crises we face, we cannot ignore that the climate crisis is getting worse. Now is the time to end our dependence on fossil fuels and move to renewable energy. Now is the time for a Green New Deal.Against the wishes of state and local officials, unmarked federal agents in combat gear have invaded parts of Portland, Oregon. This is what a police state looks like. These troops must be withdrawn immediately. We must defend the Constitution. We must defeat Trump.Lets use the Defense Production Act and get every American the masks they need.John Lewis inspired millions to fight for justice. His courage helped transform this country. He wont ever be forgotten by those who believe America can change when the people stand together and demand it. Our thoughts are with his loved ones.In Portland, federal agents in combat gear pulled protesters off the street and jailed them without charge. That is what a police state is all about. Now is the time to defend our Constitution. Now is the time to come together and defeat Trump's authoritarian policies.We must reduce the military budget by 10% and use that $74 billion in savings to invest in communities ravaged by extreme poverty, mass incarceration, decades of neglect and the COVID-19 pandemic.In 2018, Floridians overwhelmingly voted to re-enfranchise felons. The outrageous poll tax passed in response to that referendum is racist voter suppression at its worst. Voting is a right, not a privilege. These attacks on Americans constitutional rights have got to end.It's time to rethink what we value as a society and to fundamentally transform our national priorities.  Cutting the military budget by 10% and investing that money in human needs is a modest way to begin that process. Let's get it done.Congratulations to @JamaalBowmanNY for winning the congressional primary in NY-16! Jamaal will be a powerful advocate for a progressive agenda and I look forward to working with him in Congress.I stand with the workers and immigrants in New York fighting for a just coronavirus relief package and to #FundExcludedWorkers. We cannot get through this pandemic without protecting the most vulnerable among us.Because of Trump's ineptitude the pandemic is getting worse. He must be defeated.While 29 new people in America became billionaires, 119 million Americans have seen their income go down.While Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, Gilead is charging more than $3,000 for a COVID-19 drug that costs $10 to manufacture and was developed after receiving a $70 million grant from the federal government.While Amazon refuses to provide paid sick leave to its workers and recently eliminated hazard pay for essential workers, the owner of Amazon, Jeff Bezos, has seen his wealth go up by $74 billion making him the wealthiest person in America with a net worth of $179 billion.While American households have lost $6.5 trillion in wealth and 50 million Americans have filed for unemployment, the wealth of 600 billionaires in America has gone up by $584 billion.While one out of five Americans cannot afford the medicine prescribed by their doctors, the CEO of Moderna became a billionaire overnight after his company received $483 million from the Trump administration to develop a potential coronavirus vaccine.While 28 million Americans are in danger of being evicted from their homes and thrown out on the street, JP Morgan Chase posted a record-breaking $33.8 billion in quarterly revenue.During the pandemic, while a record-breaking 5.4 million Americans lost their health insurance, UnitedHealthone of the largest health insurance companies in Americamade a record-breaking quarterly profit of $6.6 billion.Pharmaceutical companies have been given $6 billion in taxpayer dollars, and more to come, to develop a coronavirus vaccine. Once a safe and effective vaccine is approved by the FDA it must be made available to all for free. This is no time for profiteering.Don't let anybody fool you. The progressive movement today is winning.Due to technical difficulties we are postponing tonight's livestream. Thank you to all our panelists and to those who tuned in.STARTING SOON: Join our virtual town hall on the growing danger of the coronavirus pandemic, featuring @FlyingWithSara, @TwuSamuelsen, @AbdulElSayed, and @RishiDesaiMD. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET on Twitter or atTragically, Trump's rejection of science has led to the loss of tens of thousands of lives. Per capita, in the U.S. COVID-19 has caused: 94 times more deaths than Australia 74 times more deaths than South Korea 53 times more deaths than Japan 2.8 times more deaths than Germany.@IlhanMN is a woman of incredible strength. We need her leadership in Congress. I'm pleased to endorse her campaign for reelection.Congratulations @SiegelForTexas for winning his primary for TX-10! We need progressives like Mike to be elected to Congress so we can continue to build a country that works for all, not just the 1%.Congratulations to @JosePGarza for winning the primary runoff to be Travis Countys next district attorney. We need progressive leaders everywhere who will reform our broken and racist criminal justice system, and I look forward to seeing Jos bring change in Texas.When people come together to stand up for justice, we win.  Congratulations to the young people and community organizers who fought for this victory.  Together, we'll end our dependence on fossil fuels and ensure a livable planet for Vermonters and all future generations.Millions of Americans lost jobs during the pandemic. Meanwhile, JP Morgan Chasethe largest bank in the countryannounced its biggest quarterly revenue in history. At a time of massive income and wealth inequality we need an economy that works for workers, not just billionaires.Here's the state of our economy. Over the last 30 years, the top 1% has seen an increase in wealth of $22 trillion, while the bottom 50% has actually seen a decline in wealth. We must fight for an economy that works for all, not just the few.Texas: vote today for @JosePGarza and @SiegelForTexas! Be safe and find your voting information at.@KatrinaNation is absolutely right. We must change our priorities and invest in the needs of working Americans, not spend billions on our bloated defense budget.The change we need will not happen tomorrow. But it is important that we maintain our vision and continue to fight.The fact that our "very stable genius" president prefers to be briefed about the pandemic by a game show host on Twitter instead of scientists and doctors tells you everything you need to know about how clueless and pathetic the Trump administration is. Trump must be defeated.As the pandemic surges, Trump is more clueless, isolated and unhinged than ever. He is undermining Dr. Fauci, and believes that "everyone is lying" about COVID-19, including the CDC. For the sake of science and the health of our nation, Trump must be defeated.Texas, vote for @SiegelForTexas tomorrow to help us continue our fight for Medicare for All, a livable planet and to get big money out of politics.Trump is finally wearing a mask. Too little too late.  His refusal to develop national pandemic policy based on science has led to widespread confusion and cost us many thousands of lives.  Trump has rejected science. In November, we must come together and reject Trump.Trump commutes Roger Stone's sentence, while Black and Brown kids sit in jail. This is why we need major reform of a broken and racist criminal justice system. No more two-tier justice. Rich or poor, Black, white or Latino we need "equal justice under law."Mitt Romney and I hold different opinions on virtually everything. But I agree with him strongly that Trump's commutation of Roger Stone's sentence is "unprecedented, historic corruption." The key political question of our time is: Where are all the other Republicans?It's summer. It's hot. It's vacation time. Sadly, the U.S. is the only major country not to guarantee any paid vacation or holidays. The result: 1 in 4 workers get no paid vacation time or holidays. This is outrageous. We need an economy that works for workers, not just owners.We can keep winning races and electing progressives around the country, but we need your help. Join our #SummerOfAction and sign up to make calls today!This month the Senate will vote on my amendment to cut the Pentagon's bloated $740 billion budget and invest in housing, health care, education and jobs in distressed communities here at home. I thank @chuckschumer for his support for this amendment and securing a vote on it.Trump rejects science on COVID-19. And thousands unnecessarily die.  Trump rejects science on climate change. And the very future of the planet is at stake. We cannot continue a government which rejects science. This November, we must come together and reject Trump.Here's something we don't discuss much. Life expectancy is in direct correlation to income. If you're rich you're likely to live a much longer and healthier life than if you're poor. Poverty kills. Our job: build a health care system and economy that work for all, not just a few.Sign up to join our day of action on Saturday! Lets continue the political revolution and expand our movement by electing strong progressive candidates across the country.Our job: put as much pressure as possible on Republican leaders to take action to help the American people right now.Jane and I are deeply saddened to hear that Pamela Sue Rush has passed away. I will always carry with me what she showed us. She was a mother, an activist and an unyielding spirit. She will be deeply missed. But, as I promised, I will make sure her story is never forgotten.As someone who grew up in poverty, @JulieOliverTX knows the struggle working Texans face each and every day. The people of Texas 25th Congressional District need Julie fighting for them in Congress, and Im proud to support her grassroots campaign..@paulajean2020 will be a senator who stands up to the political and economic establishment, puts the working class first, and fights to guarantee health care as a human right. Im proud to endorse her grassroots campaign and I hope the people of West Virginia will support her.I dont have to tell anybody that these are really crazy times.  But we cannot lose sight of the fact that we have a global climate crisis.  And we cannot allow Congress to pass an outrageous $740 billion defense budget while neglecting the needs of our people.I look forward to working with Vice President Biden to help him win this campaign and to move this country forward toward economic, racial, social, and environmental justice. 3/3Though the end result isn't what I or my supporters would've written alone, the task forces have created a good policy blueprint that will move this country in a much-needed progressive direction and substantially improve the lives of working families throughout our country. 2/3While @JoeBiden and I, and our supporters, have strong disagreements about some of the most important issues facing our country, we also understand that we must come together in order to defeat Donald Trump, the most dangerous president in modern American history. 1/3Lets keep up the momentum for progressive candidates running across the country! Sign up to join our Summer of Action and make calls for @RashidaTlaib, @CoriBush, @PramilaJayapal and more this Saturday:Should decisions on health care be determined by the patient? Or, should they be controlled by the whims of the employer? Today's Supreme Court decision makes it clear why health care is a human right, not an employee benefit, and why we must pass Medicare for All.Patients ability to get contraception shouldnt be up to employers. It should be a decision between patients and their doctors.  Health careincluding birth controlis a right, not an employee benefit. We must fight Trumps rollback of these rights by passing Medicare for All.Congratulations to @Bonnie4Congress for winning her primary last night. I look forward to continue working with her in Congress to fight for working people across New Jersey and the entire country.This economic crisis is not ending soon. Tens of millions of people have lost their jobs. They should not lose their housing too. There must be an immediate, nationwide moratorium on evictions, foreclosures, and utility shut-offs.It's always unacceptable for the U.S. to have more people in jail than any country on Earth, but especially so during a pandemic. During this crisis we must keep people out of jail who shouldn't be there and continue our fight to end mass incarceration.Trump may not understand it, but high-quality masks, distributed to every American household and produced in the U.S. through the Defense Production Act, will save many thousands of lives. I am fighting for that amendment in the Defense Authorization Act.New Jersey: remember to vote today and cast your ballot for @Bonnie4Congress and @Arati4Congress. Lets send these strong progressives to the U.S. House. Find the voting information you need here:Trump's pathological lying never stops. While he continues to tell us how great the "recovery" is doing, the pandemic surges and millions face hunger, eviction and loss of health care. Together, we'll defeat Trump. Together, we'll move this country in a very different direction.The temperature in Siberia is 100 degrees, wildfires are raging there and sea ice is melting. In the midst of all the other crises we face, we cannot forget climate change. We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. Now!Congratulations to the many Native Americans and advocates who struggled to defeat this terrible pipeline, which should never have been built. We must end our dependence on fossil fuels and stop putting corporate profits over Native American rights. The struggle continues.Politicians and the corporate media won't discuss it much but over the past 30 years the wealth of the top 1% has gone up by $22.65 trillion, while the wealth of the bottom 50% has gone down by $776 billion. This growing wealth inequality is a moral obscenity.We need to stop bipartisan support for a bloated military budget. While defense contractors make huge profits and we spend more on the military than the next 11 nations combined, doctors and nurses lack masks to help us fight COVID-19. Insane priorities.We spend $740 billion on the Pentagon, but somehow we don't have enough money to provide health care, housing and childcare to all Americans. My amendment to cut the defense budget by 10% would begin to change our priorities. It will be voted on in the Senate the week of July 20.We need elected leaders who are going to stand for what is morally right. Who are going to stand up for humanity. That, at the end of the day, is what people in the community respond to. @Arati4CongressToday I want to wish everybody a happy Fourth of July weekend. I hope that today, we take a look at where we have come from as a nation, the good and the bad, and where we want to go together in the future.She wants to create millions of good-paying jobs and rebuild our infrastructure and energy systems.She has been one of Trumps strongest opponents in Congress. Her voice is important as we push forward with the important work of making a more fair and just America for everyone.Im proud to endorse @Bonnie4Congress for re-election.Bonnie has always been a strong, progressive voice in the fight for the needs of working families.She understands health care is a human right and the importance of a Medicare for All, single-payer program to cover everyone.The business model of the pharmaceutical industry is unfettered greed. This is not the time for corporate profiteering of off death and suffering. We must guarantee that coronavirus treatments and vaccines are free to all Americans.We need to reduce the military budget by 10% and use the savings to invest in distressed communities around the country that are experiencing extreme poverty, mass incarceration, deindustrialization and decades of neglect.We need progressive leaders like @Booker4KY running for office, all over the country, at every level of government. That is how we carry on our movement to build a nation that is based on justice.Rent is due for millions today, at a time when more than 45 million Americans have filed for unemployment. We need to suspend rent and mortgage payments nationwide. We also must extend the $600/week expansion of unemployment benefits, which expires at the end of the month.In my view, the time is long overdue for us to take a hard look not only at the size of the Pentagon budget, but at the enormous amount of waste, cost overruns, fraud, and at the financial mismanagement that has plagued the Department of Defense for decades.Congratulations to Colorado district attorney candidates @alonzopayneCO and @ap4ag for winning their primaries last night. Together, we can fundamentally reform our broken criminal justice system by electing progressives at every level.Thank you @Booker4KY for running an inspiring campaign to fight for progressive issues and uplift the working people of Kentucky and the entire country. We look forward to seeing you lead the struggle for justice for years to come.Congress must ensure that the treatment and the vaccine for coronavirus are free to all Americans. You should not have to go into debt to survive a pandemic.Colorado, today is Election Day! Be sure to return your ballot by 7 p.m. today and vote for DA candidates @alonzopayneCO and @ap4ag.  Find out more info about returning your ballot here:More Americans have died from the coronavirus than were killed fighting in World War I. Tens of millions have lost their jobs and are in danger of eviction. Now is the time to invest in jobs, education, housing and health care here at home, not a $740 billion defense budget.As a company, Gilead is now worth over $15 billion more than before the pandemic, in part because it expects to make enormous profits by charging over $3,000 for a drug they had already developed years ago. Their greed must be stopped.This is a major victory for reproductive rights. The Supreme Court has confirmed it over and over again: the decision to get an abortion is a constitutional right, whether extremist Republican legislators like it or not.Happy #Pride to our LGBTQ+ family celebrating today. Fifty-one years after the Stonewall uprising, we remember the many LGBTQ+ activists who have fought for justice, equality and civil rights. The struggle continues and we stand with you.Trump denies science. The pandemic spreads. One way to help save lives and prevent illness is for Congress to pass my amendment which calls for the production and distribution of free, high-quality masks for every American household.Just when you think Trump cannot be more vile or racist, he outdoes himself. This morning he shared a video in which a supporter of his yells, "white power." Let us stand together and make certain that this "stable genius" is defeated, and defeated badly, in November.When we say we have a rigged economy, that means billionaires getting richer during a pandemic while millions of people lose their jobs every week.We need to cut our military budget by 10 percent and invest that money in human needs.Millions of Americans have lost their jobs and health insurance. We should be empowering Medicare to cover all out-of-pocket health care costs. Instead, Trump has made it a priority during a pandemic to throw millions more people off of their health coverage. Unbelievable.I am proud to endorse Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz for governor of Puerto Rico. There is no one who will fight harder or more diligently for Puerto Ricans. If youre able to, make a contribution to her campaign here:At this pivotal moment, we must make a decision. Do we want to spend billions more on endless wars, or do we want to provide decent jobs to millions of unemployed Americans? Do we want to spend more on nuclear weapons or to invest in decent jobs, child care, and health care?If this horrific pandemic has taught us anything, it is that national security means a lot more than building bombs, missiles, jet fighters, tanks, submarines and nuclear warheads. National security also means doing everything we can to improve the lives of our people.What Tuesdays election showed us is that the progressive movement is strong. Together, we are effectively taking on big-money interests and the political establishment and transforming American politics. Lets keep fighting.What Eugene Debs was about was changing public consciousness. Thats what we have to do today.  We must say: we dont accept a $740 billion defense budget, we dont accept Americans dying because they cant afford a doctor, we dont accept people living without clean water.Last night was a big night for our movement. There is still much to be done to create a government that works for all our people, not just the wealthy. Lets roll up our sleeves. Lets keep up the good work. Lets continue electing progressive candidates across this country.Congratulations to @MondaireJones on his victory in the NY-17 congressional primary! New Yorkers understand we need strong progressives in Congress to fight for working people. The struggle continues.This crisis is far from over. We absolutely must extend the $600 a week in expanded unemployment benefits that expires in July. We cannot slash the incomes of millions of Americans by 50, 60, even 70 percent while the pandemic is still raging.The people in her district have spoken loudly and clearly about her leadership, her struggles for workers's rights, racial justice, climate change and many other issues. Taking on a well-funded opponent, Rep. Ocasio-Cortez won a landslide victory. Congratulations Alexandria.Congratulations to @AOC for winning her primary tonight! In less than two years, she has become a major leader in Congress on many important issues, and I look forward to continue working with her to achieve justice for all working people.Kentucky, theres still time to get out and vote for @Booker4KY. Find your polling place here:When people in the worlds richest country turn on their taps, the water they drink should be clean. Let us demand that Congress finally make the necessary investments in clean water for all Americans, putting human lives ahead of corporate profits.Kentucky voters, be sure to postmark your ballot or vote in-person today. Lets help @Booker4KY take on Mitch McConnell and continue the fight for justice for all. Find your polling location here:New York, be sure to vote today for: @AOC @SamelysLopez @JamaalBowmanNY @MondaireJones @jessicaramos @JuliaCarmel__ @SenGianaris @JabariBrisport @yuhline @rontkim @MattToporowski Find your voting place here:Join Bernie, @mrdannyglover and @NicholsUprising for a screening and discussion of the documentary, "The Revolutionist: A Film on the Life & Times of Eugene V. Debs, Socialist Party Candidate for President for the United States."New York: Tuesday is Election Day! Be sure to vote for these strong progressives who will help us transform the country into one that works for all, not just billionaires. Find your voting location atTomorrow, Kentuckians have a chance to continue the work we started. Together, we can achieve Medicare for All, a Green New Deal, and justice for all. Lets send @Booker4KY to Congress.A few days ago, temperatures within the Arctic Circle topped 100 degrees, shattering records. With so many unprecedented crises facing this nation and the world, we must never lose sight of the biggest existential threat facing the planet: climate change.The rich continue to get much richer while workers suffer. Since the pandemic started, 643 billionaires have seen their wealth go up by $584 billion, while U.S. households have seen their wealth go down by $6.5 trillion and nearly 46 million have filed for unemployment.Tonight, join me for a screening of "The Revolutionist," a film on the life and times of Eugene Debs, with a panel discussion featuring @NicholsUprising and @mrdannyglover. Tune in at 7:30 p.m. ET atTrump expected tens and tens of thousands of people to show up for him in Tulsa. Only 6,200 did. I think there may be a sea change taking place around the country and people are catching on to the fraud that Donald Trump is.Jane and I want to take this opportunity to wish all the fathers in our country a Happy Father's Day. There is nothing more important than giving our kids the love and support they need.Trump had a bad night in Tulsa. Very low turnout. Even his supporters know that COVID-19 is real and dangerous, and should not be spread at an indoor rally. More importantly, maybe people are catching on that he is a pathological liar and a fraud. Let's keep fighting.Theres still time to join our first Day of Action to elect progressive candidates. Sign up for a phonebank today to help @Booker4KY defeat Mitch McConnell in Kentucky:Trump is the most corrupt president in our lifetimes and were witnessing more evidence today. The DOJ is not meant to be a political tool of the president. Trump and Barr have utter contempt for the rule of law. Congress must initiate an investigation of this firing immediately.This is a moment where we need some political mountains to move. We need some structural mountains to move. We need the mountain of racism to move, the mountain of bigotry and hate to move. @Booker4KYTrump's rally in Tulsa is indoors, with no social distancing and no mask requirementsall in violation of CDC guidelines. Trump is willing to spread the COVID-19 virus in order to hear some cheers. He is a direct threat to the health of the American people. He must be defeated.Our foreign policy is focused on diplomacy... a global Green New Deal, understanding foreign policy through the lens of climate change, coming together with our allies to end the forever wars, create living wage jobs all over the world. @JamaalBowmanNYI agree with @mrdannyglover. Juneteenth should finally be made a national holiday.Today we must recommit to building a nation that is based on justice and to root out systemic racism wherever it exists. We must create a society that values and celebrates Black Americans. That is not the work of a single day, but of every day and every generation.Understanding the horrors and lasting legacy of slavery is a critical step to making the changes we need in our world today, and that is why I believe we must make Juneteenth a federal holiday.It is at once beautiful to see millions of people fighting for change, and heartbreaking that more than 150 years after the first Juneteenth celebration, Black Americans still face fundamental challenges to living in safety and dignity in this country.Today is an opportunity to confront the systemic, institutionalized racism at the heart of America, as we see unprecedented levels of protests and activism across the country calling for an end to all forms of racism and violence toward Black Americans.As we celebrate #Juneteenth today and commemorate the abolition of slavery in the United States, we face a transformative moment for our nation and our world that cannot be ignored.The "Democratic Majority for Israel" is a corporate/Republican-funded super PAC that runs ugly, negative ads against progressives. This is establishment big-money politics at its worst, and why we have to transform the Democratic Party.Rayshard Brooks, George Floyd and Breonna Taylor should be alive today. Now is not the time for more studies. Now is the time to hold racist and corrupt police officers and police departments accountable for their actions.Trumps decision to end DACA was one of the ugliest and cruelest decisions ever made by a president in modern history. He lost. Congratulations to DREAMers and all who fought to make this enormous victory possible. The fight for justice continues!Monday's Supreme Court decision on LGBTQ+ rights is a major, major step forward for the United States.Walmart, our largest employer, is owned by the Waltons, the wealthiest family in America, who are worth nearly $200 billion. Unbelievably, in the last 3 years the family's wealth has gone up by over $70 billion. They can more than afford to pay all their workers at least $15/hr.If were going to bring about transformative change in this country and take on powerful special interests, we must elect great candidates at the grassroots level. Join our day of action this Saturday to help progressives win upcoming primaries:Two years ago, Amazon raised their minimum wage to $15 an hour. Today, Target raised their minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now Walmart, owned by the wealthiest family in America, must do the same. We must eliminate starvation wages in America.My son and so many other children, their lives matter My daughters life matters. So until we have change in our community, well keep going. @CoriBushThis is what narcissism is about. Trump, in order to hear cheers from an adoring crowd, will defy science and sacrifice livesnot just those who go to his rally but those they come in contact with. For the health of the American people he must be defeated.We are going to take the fight for justice from the streets into the halls of Congress.The people are crying out against police brutality and murder; the pandemic is spreading around the country and over 30 million workers have lost their jobs. Yet the Do Nothing Republican Senate does nothing. I will be on the floor tomorrow. The Senate must act NOW.Congratulations to Rick Krajewski, Nikil Saval, and other progressives who are winning elections at the state and local level. When we talk about the political revolution that means building power at every level of government.The truth is that real change never happens from the top on down it happens from the bottom on up. Lets do everything we can to elect progressives from one part of the country to the rest. Sign up here for our Day of Action this Saturday:Having a progressive elected official in any area benefits the community... as it relates to a state attorney or a district attorney, it allows us to turn back the hands of time and undo the damage thats been done from failed criminal justice policies. @MoniqueHWorrellTrump's not only a terrible president, he is a threat to the health of the country. He's rejected science, downplayed the danger of the virus and promoted quack remedies. Now he is holding an indoor rally without social distancing. For the sake of our health, he must be defeated.Decent housing is a human right. In the midst of a pandemic and economic meltdown, working-class Americans shouldn't be forced into homelessness and despair. We must stop evictions NOW and build the millions of units of affordable housing the country needs.One of the important ways we must continue building our movement is by electing progressives at all levels of government. If you can, please add a contribution today to send @Arati4Congress, @BethDoglio and @Booker4KY to Congress:.@BethDoglio helped lead the passage of legislation in Washington State to provide more resources to address homelessness and to empower workers. She is no stranger to taking on powerful corporations such as Amazon. We need her leadership on progressive issues in Congress.As a neuroscientist, @Arati4Congress understands health care is a right for all, not a privilege. Arati decided to take on the incumbent Democrat in her district because she knows that this moment requires bold, progressive leadership. Im proud to endorse her today.This is an historic day. Congratulations to the LGBTQ+ community on this monumental victory for equality. We must never stop fighting to end all forms of discrimination and build a nation based on justice for all.If you are tired of the injustice that you are seeing on your city streets, you have the power to go out and elect progressive district attorneys. -Travis County DA Candidate @JosePGarza"When fellow graduates fail to respect the checks and balances of government, promote individual power above country, or prize loyalty to individuals over the ideals expressed in the Constitution, it is a travesty to their oath of office."Here is one more reason why we need to end mass incarceration. In American jails and prisons at least 64,000 people have been infected with COVID-19 and 589 inmates and workers have died. Today we're looking at an unprecedented level of capital punishment.Real change always takes place from the bottom on up, not the top down. The struggle for justice continues on the streets and at the ballot box. And we're winning some big victories. Keep fighting.I can't believe I have to say this but: No, Mr. President, chokeholds don't sound "so innocent" and "so perfect." Trump is a racist. He is a demagogue. He is inciting violence. He must be defeated.In the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, with so many working-class families facing desperation, we must create millions of good-paying union jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure and transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel.Brazilian president Jair Bolsonaro, like his mentor Donald Trump, is an anti-science demagogue. The result: many thousands of Brazilians are unnecessarily dying. Science is not a luxury. It is the backbone of civilization.Trump rejects science. We must not. We can save many lives by doing what South Korea, France, Turkey and Austria already do: distribute high-quality face masks, free or low cost, to every household in America.It is outrageous that Trump, in the middle of a pandemic, is working to prevent LGBTQ+ Americans from getting health care they need. Discrimination of any kind has no place in our society. We must defeat Trump, guarantee health care as a right and protect all LGBTQ+ Americans.State and district attorneys and prosecutors are on the front lines of the struggle against a racist criminal justice system. If were going to create change, we must commit to electing progressive DA candidates who will fight for justice.Instead of spending $740 billion on the Dept. of Defense, let's rebuild communities at home devastated by poverty and incarceration. I'll be filing an amendment to cut the DoD by 10% and reinvest that money in cities and towns that we've neglected and abandoned for far too long.We must end the criminalization of marijuana, expunge past records for marijuana-related offenses, and invest in communities harmed by the failed war on drugs.Over the past three months of this horrific pandemic, 44 million Americans have filed for unemployment, while the ten richest families in America have seen their wealth go up by $243 billion. We are witnessing the greatest transfer of wealth in the modern history of this country.Trump wants 15,000 delegates cheering him at his GOP convention in Florida. No social distancing. His rejection of medical advice endangers not only those there but those they come in contact with. Trump's a threat to the health and well-being of the country. He must be defeated.All over this country, the American people are demanding justice and an end to police brutality. Join me and Sen. @CoryBooker for a live town hall on the fight for racial and economic justice and how Congress must act in this moment:Tonight: join me and Sen. @CoryBooker for a virtual town meeting on the ongoing fight for racial and economic justice. Tune in to at 7:30 p.m. ET.Republicans like to claim that voter suppression is a "myth." This doesn't look like a "myth" to me. No one in this country should have to wait in line for hours to vote. Our job: fight voter suppression everywhere. Restore the Voting Rights Act. Create a vibrant democracy.The annexation of Palestinian territory by the Israeli government would make the occupation permanent. That is unacceptable. I was proud to address thousands of Israelis, Arabs and Jews, demonstrating in Tel Aviv against this outcome.Trump and too many Republicans and Democrats in Congress want to approve a defense budget increasing military spending to $740 billion a year. Wrong! We should cut military spending and invest in jobs, education, housing and health care. I will introduce legislation to do that..@SiegelForTexas is a civil rights attorney and former public school teacher running a people-powered campaign that doesn't rely on support from corporate PACs. After spending his career fighting to give everyone a fair shot at success, he is ready to take that fight to Congress..@SamelysLopez is a community organizer running for U.S. House in NY-15. Her leadership has been instrumental in building a community-led grassroots political movement in the Bronx, and now she is ready to fight for our progressive values in Congress..@MondaireJones is a progressive community leader who, as an attorney, has led efforts to win justice for vulnerable communities through litigation and public policy. If elected to Congress, he'll fight for bold, progressive policies that help working people..@CoriBush is a nurse and community activist who emerged as a leader while working on the front lines of the Ferguson movement as a protestor, clergy member, medic, and victim of police assault. Now she is continuing the bold fight for justice and running for U.S. House in MO-1..@JamaalBowmanNY is a public school teacher and principal who understands that low-income families are locked out of opportunity and a decent life due to a rigged system. In Congress he'll fight to invest in public schools, end mass incarceration, and address the housing crisis..@Booker4KY is running for U.S. Senate in Kentucky, where Mitch McConnell is currently up for re-election. He was an endorser of our campaign for president and supports progressive policies such as criminal justice reform, Medicare for All, and getting big money out of politics.One of the ways we must continue building our movement is by electing progressives at all levels of government. Today I am proud to endorse six candidates for Congress. If you can afford to right now, I hope you will consider making a contribution:Congratulations to New Zealand. They listened to science, acted boldly, and had leadership they could trust. In the U.S., Trump downplayed the crisis, attacked science and continues to lie. They saved lives. We lost lives.We have a system today where, while millions lose their jobs, struggle to put food on the table, and cannot afford an education or health care, billionaires have gotten $565 billion richer during a pandemic. That is a system we cannot accept.We need to work from the ground up to transform our society. Its clear we cannot wait any longer to act forcefully and boldly to root out systemic racism and police violence. And when we act together, we win.People cannot survive with dignity without decent jobs. At a time of mass unemployment, we can create millions of good-paying jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, moving to energy efficiency and sustainable energy, and creating the best educational system in the world.Congratulations to all who are out on the streets today peacefully protesting. Together, we will end police brutality. Together, we will defeat Trump. Together, we will fight for a government based on justice and compassion, not greed and lies.We are seeing all over this country people fighting for justice. Lets continue that struggle. Lets create the kind of nation we know we can become.I'm very proud of the people standing up for justice and taking to the streets. When we study history we look at pivotal moments the Civil War, the Great Depression, World War II. People will look back on this time as one of those moments.Racial injustice goes far beyond police brutality. Black families have 1/10th the wealth of white families, over half of Black workers earn less than $15/hour, and Black families are much less likely to have decent health insurance. The fight for justice continues on all fronts.This is what unfettered capitalism looks like. Workers have the "choice" of going back to work in unsafe conditions, or going hungry. In the wealthiest country on Earth, we can do better than that..@EliNSavit led Detroit's efforts to hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable for the opioid epidemic. He sued banks, slumlords, and corporations whose housing policies were hurting Detroit residents and spearheads efforts to make it easier to expunge criminal records..@MoniqueHWorrell is particularly focused on criminal justice reform and has taught and advocated a wide range of progressive criminal justice ideas throughout her career. She most recently served as the Chief Legal Officer of the Reform Alliance..@MattToporowski is a former prosecutor who is committed to addressing structural racism by having a DA's office that reflects Albany's diverse community, acknowledging racial bias at decision making points in the process, and declining to criminalize poverty..@alonzopayneCO is a criminal justice reformer, advocating for measures to reduce incarceration and stop the criminalization of poverty in Southern Colorado. He has advocated for economic justice measures, including raising the minimum wage and Medicare for All..@AmyPaddenCO is a true progressive, running on a criminal justice reform platform, including combating mass incarceration, prosecuting hate crimes and police misconduct, and protecting immigrant communities.LA is home to the largest criminal justice jurisdiction and jail in the nation. @GeorgeGascon is facing a two-term "tough on crime" incumbent who has been criticized by Black Lives Matter and the ACLU for a failing to hold officers accountable for excessive use of force..@JosePGarza is a former state and federal public defender, immigrant rights activist, attorney, and the Co-Executive Director of Workers Defense Project in Austin. He is a longtime community leader within the criminal justice, immigrant justice and civil justice community.As St. Louis City Attorney, Kim Gardner reduced the average daily St. Louis jail population by 39% without increasing the crime rate. She increased police accountability by prosecuting officers who break the law and refusing to rely on testimony of officers accused of misconduct.For the last decade, @Esser4J has represented 1,000+ clients and worked to reform the criminal justice system as a Deputy Public Defender, demanding fair treatment and justice for Honolulu citizens of all backgrounds..@VBH4Prosecutor is challenging an incumbent prosecutor who's received criticism for failing to fully investigate crimes in the county, overseeing a backlog of 10,000+ unprocessed rape kits and more cases of wrongful conviction in Wayne County than the rest of Michigan combined.We need DAs and prosecutors who understand that their job is fighting for justice. Today, I'm endorsing 10 progressive candidates for district and state attorney positions. Split a contribution to them and our work to win change here:Instead of spending $80 billion a year on jails and incarceration, we need to be investing in more jobs and education. One thing is abundantly clear: Every police department violating people's civil rights must be stripped of federal funding. Period.This is an unbelievable, unprecedented moment in American history. Let us demand that Congress act, and act now.This is a rather extraordinary statement by James Mattis, retired U.S. Marine Corps General, and Trump's former Secretary of Defense. It is well worth reading.Theres no doubt that this is Americas moment of reckoning. @CornelWestCongratulations to @amandaforpa, @NikilSaval, @rick4westphilly, and @SummerForPA for winning primaries in Pennsylvania last night! If we are going to build a lasting movement we must elect progressives everywhere, at every level of government.I don't often agree with Defense Secretary Esper, but he is right. Trump must end his ugly and racist declaration of war on Americans who are exercising their First Amendment right to peacefully protest. This is a democracy, not a dictatorship.This is an unprecedented moment for our country. To keep the focus on the urgent need for justice for George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and too many others victims of police violence, we are postponing our virtual A Peoples Graduation tomorrow.Those in power who want us to focus on looting and property damage instead of the thousands peacefully protesting are trying to distract us from the terrible violence that engulfs the lives of working people every day. As Coretta Scott King reminded us, violence takes many forms.Trump just had peaceful demonstrators viciously attacked. No, Mr. President. This is not a dictatorship. This is the United States of America. Our citizens have a constitutional right to peacefully protest. It's called the First Amendment.This Pride Month we say: LGBTQ+ rights are civil rights. There is no place in this country for discrimination, police brutality, or hatred towards LBGTQ+ Americans. We will never stop fighting for equality.Liar in Chief: According to a new report, Trump has made 19,127 false or misleading claims since taking office. A new poll finds only 35% of Americans believe he is honest. In a democracy we can have different views, but not a president who is a pathological liar.Mitch McConnell says we should end the $600 unemployment bonus because workers now earn more by not working. I've got a better approach. Let's end starvation wages in America and raise the minimum wage to a living wage. All workers are entitled to a decent standard of living.We need real police department reform. Every police officer involved in a killing must be held accountable, and those found guilty must be punished with the full force of the law. Every killing of a person held in police custody must be investigated by the Department of Justice.George Floyds murder is not only an outrage. It is the latest manifestation of a system that callously devalues the lives of Black people. Our struggle is and always has been about justicenot justice on paper, but real justice in the real lives of real people.What we need is a nation that fundamentally respects the human dignity of every person. That starts with justice for George Floyd.Were postponing tonights livestream in order to keep the attention on the killing of George Floyd and the need for this country to end police violence.Donald Trump's attempt to exploit this tragedy for his own political gain is inexcusable. His penchant for authoritarianism and violence is more and more apparent. Mr. President, don't encourage police officers to do more shooting. That is exactly the problem.Every officer involved in George Floyd's murder must be arrested and held criminally accountable. Going forward, the DOJ must independently investigate every time a person dies in police custody. That includes officers who passively stand by and allow these killings to happen.Having met with so many families brutalized by police violence, it's clear we cannot wait any longer to act forcefully and boldly to root out the cancer of systemic racism and police violence against people of color. This must end.Tonight, join me for a screening of "The Revolutionist," a film on the life and times of Eugene Debs, with a panel discussion featuring @NicholsUprising and @mrdannyglover. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET atThis is what unfettered capitalism is all about. In the past 30 years the top 1% increased its wealth by $21 trillion while the bottom 50% lost $900 billion and the pandemic has only made the inequality worse. We need an economy that works for all, not just the few.At at time when millions of people are losing their jobs, the billionaire class should not be cashing in on a pandemic. That is what a rigged economy looks like.I find it particularly obscene that the people who make decisions that workers dont require protective equipment and sick time are sitting in mansions and don't have to go into work.One in four workers filed for unemployment since the start of the pandemic, while in that time America's billionaires saw their wealth increase by nearly $500 billion. It's a disgrace and I'm little bit tired of people telling us there's nothing we can do about it.In the midst of a pandemic which has now claimed 100,000 Americans lives, we're seeing the reality of Trumps so-called strong economy. We cannot lose sight of our goal of an economic system that works for all people, not just the billionaire class.100,000 are dead from coronavirus, 40 million apply for unemployment benefits, 20% of children are hungry, millions face eviction and lack health care. Meanwhile, Trump and Republican leadership don't see the "urgency" for new legislation to protect the working class. Outrageous!Real criminal justice reforms means not only that the DOJ investigates the tragic police killing in Minneapolis, but EVERY death that takes place in police custody.These endorsements join our previous slate of progressive candidates for state legislatures, whom we can count on to continue building our movement in the states. Support their campaigns here:.@RepRabhi serves in the Michigan House of Representatives where he has led the charge for the state's universal health care bill and renewable energy plan. He previously worked for social change as an activist in peace, labor, and environmental movements..@yuhline is a state representative in New York who came to the U.S. as an infant when her parents emigrated from Taiwan. With a career built on advocacy and community organizing, she is a lifelong voice for low-income people, people of color, and immigrants..@rick4westphilly is a community organizer and educator who is running for the State House in Pennsylvania. If elected, he will put people before profits while fighting to uphold workers' rights, end the war on drugs, and win a Green New Deal for Pennsylvania..@rontkim is a state representative in New York who supports guaranteeing health care as a right to all and canceling all student debt. He was one of the first elected officials in New York to support the issues that were at the center of our campaign..@R_JonesSawyer is an assemblymember in California where he represents one of the poorest districts in the state. He is a strong supporter of Medicare for All and has led local efforts on criminal justice reform and affordable housing initiatives..@amandaforpa is running for the Pennsylvania State Senate while campaigning on health care as a right, a quality education for all, and protecting our planet for generations to come. She's ready to fight for a progressive agenda that meets the needs of working people..@JabariBrisport is running in a three-way primary for a recently vacated State Senate seat in New York. He has been recognized as a rising star in progressive politics, and has been an advocate for affordable housing and health care for all..@AbrahamAiyash is a 26-year-old community organizer who is running in a special election for a Michigan Assembly seat. He is the son of Yemeni immigrants and is committed to creating a government that works for all of us.Today I'm proud to announce my support for eight candidates who are running for state legislatures across the country. If you can afford to, split a contribution between eight state legislative candidates and our campaign:Im joining @LULAC and @univisionnews for a live virtual town hall on the impact of coronavirus on working families around thecountry.We need a transformation of our society to end racism, and that means white Americans must address the violence Black Americans face in everyday life. We still have a very long way to go to achieve justice.The horrific police brutality against Black Americans has got to end. We need major police reform and DOJ investigations anytime someone dies in police custody.On Friday night join me for a screening of "The Revolutionist," a film on the life and times of Eugene Debs, with a panel discussion featuring @NicholsUprising and @mrdannyglover. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET on Friday atWhat this pandemic has shown is that workers cannot survive on starvation wages. When half our people live paycheck to paycheck, and the paychecks stop coming in, poverty turns into desperation: hunger, homelessness and emotional despair. Every worker deserves a living wage.The global pandemic is pushing over half a billion people into poverty. Meanwhile the 25 richest people on Earth have increased their wealth by $255 billion. We need international solidarity. We must address the grotesque level of wealth inequality that's getting worse every day.Republicans make fun of Democrats who have political differences. Really? That's democracy. What is sad and dangerous is to see a Republican Party, including many who know better, surrender to the will and vindictiveness of their "stable genius" leader. That's authoritarianism.Today, Memorial Day, we honor the brave men and women who gave their lives to defend our country. Their sacrifices must not be forgotten. In their memory, we pledge to stand firm in defending American democracy against all who would undermine it.Today is a day for us to remember and cherish the many service members who died serving this nation and to acknowledge the unimaginable loss of their families and loved ones. Jane and I wish everyone a safe, peaceful and reflective #MemorialDay.Donald Trump is a bad president. He is a worse "doctor." In the midst of a pandemic, he has ignored the advice of scientists and physicians and has peddled unsound and dangerous medical ideas. For the health and well-being of this country, Trump must be defeated.Eid Mubarak to all our Muslim friends. Wishing joy and prosperity to all who are celebrating.I've got some bad news for my Republican colleagues: No, we are not going to let you cut Social Security. At a time when half of older Americans have no retirement savings, our job must be to expand Social Security, not cut it.On June 3rd, we will be holding A People's Graduation to honor all the graduates and hear from the young people themselves. If you're graduating, you can be involved: submit a video atRepublicans are working hard to maintain an economy based on starvation wages. They oppose raising the minimum wage and making it easier for workers to join unions. Now, they want to end extended unemployment benefits. Stand up and fight back for human dignity.Children need high-speed broadband service at home, now more than ever. We cannot let Comcast put their greed ahead of our children's education.Are you a 2020 graduate? We want to hear your hopes, dreams and concerns. Submit a video to be featured in our livestream on June 3rd, A People's Graduation, atThe U.S. government is providing billions to the drug companies to develop a COVID-19 vaccine. Once that vaccine is approved by the FDA, it must be available to all for free. We've already paid for it. This is not a time for pharmaceutical industry profiteering.Why are Republican leaders so concerned over the $600 a week supplement to unemployment benefits? Because they dont want a precedent established where workers understand that theyre entitled to and deserve decent, livable wages.The pandemic and economic collapse has hit almost everybody, but it is especially hard for young people. Now is the time to accelerate the fight for a guaranteed federal jobs program, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and canceling all student debt.A nation is not sustainable when so few have so much while so many have so little. Tax the rich.As we decide how to open our economy, we must protect working people. You shouldnt have to choose your paycheck or your life. Join our town hall with @MaryKayHenry, @AbdulElSayed, @RishiDesaiMD, @jessicaramos and @joshokeefemusic:Tonight: join our virtual town meeting on how we can safely re-open the country and protect working people. Join me, @MaryKayHenry, @AbdulElSayed, @RishiDesaiMD and @jessicaramos live at 7 p.m. ET atRepublicans are going nuts about the $600 per week expanded unemployment benefits that workers now receive. Imagine that! Americans not forced to live on starvation wages. What a frightening precedent. What will they want next? Health care as a human right?93,000 Americans have died from the virus. 38 million have filed for unemployment benefits. Tens of millions are facing hunger. Yet Trump and McConnell see no sense of "urgency" in a federal response. Outrageous! Congress must address this desperation NOW.Trump is wrong.  Families all over this country will continue to lose everything unless the government acts.  We are seeing crises in a way we havent seen since the Great Depression and we need major federal legislation to address that.In my view, life is not about making billions of dollars and not paying attention to the suffering of others. That is a bogus vision. Our job is to recognize our common humanity and ensure that all people live in dignity and security.Earning a paycheck shouldn't kill you. Tomorrow night: join our virtual town meeting at 7 p.m. ET on safely re-opening our economy, live atWhat we have to do now is not complicated. Congress must act boldly to make sure that everybody in this country has the financial security they need to survive this pandemic.Whether Trump likes it or not, our priority now must be that every single person in our country can safely vote. Throughout our history, millions of men and women have fought and died to protect our democracy. We will not allow Trump to undermine that sacred American principle.Nobody in America should delay getting medical help because of the costespecially during this crisis. Add your name to say you support my bill, the Health Care Emergency Guarantee Act, to cover health care costs for all for the duration of this pandemic.If and when the vaccine comes, it wont do somebody any good if they can't afford it. This is not a time for the drug companies' profiteering. A vaccine, when available, must be free and available to all people regardless of income.We need young people everywhere to speak up, get involved and transform the country. Tune in on Wednesday, June 3rd at 7 p.m. for our 2020 Commencement: A People's Graduation. Graduates: please submit a short video to be featured in the show atWorking class Americans should not have to die in order to earn a paycheck. Yes. We should move to re-open the economy, but it must be done safely. We need strong federal guidelines based on science, not 50 states moving in different directions based on politics.Our campaign's statement on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' decision to uphold a District Court ruling reinstating New York states presidential primary:The scandal of the moment is that we don't have national policy based on science, increasing testing, and dealing with the crises we face. Instead, we have a president who will blame everybody in the world for these problems except himself.Yes. We can and will re-open the economy, but it must be done safely. We don't need more bombast, lies and rhetoric from the White House. We don't need 50 states moving in different directions. We need a national policy which is based on science.Let's hope that, after clinical trials, this vaccine proves effective. If so, the government must negotiate a fair price with the company, and then distribute the vaccine free to all Americans. Nobody should die or get sick because they lack the money to buy a lifesaving vaccine.Before this crisis, half of our people lived paycheck to paycheck. Tens of millions had no health insurance. Some 40 million people lived in poverty. 500,000 slept on the streets. We cannot just go "back to normal." We must go forward and build an economy that works for all.People should not have to risk their lives and endanger their families to have income in a pandemic. One $1,200 check is not enough. We must ensure every person in this country receives $2,000 a month for the duration of this crisis.If there's anything I hope we learn out of this painful experience, it is that maybe we create an economy and a government that works for all, not just the few and wealthy campaign contributors.Its incomprehensible to me that we have Republican leadership and a president who refuse to recognize the severity of the pain people are experiencing right now.While nearly 40 million Americans have filed for unemployment, the billionaire class is adding hundreds of billions of dollars to their wealth. If that doesnt demonstrate our rigged economy I dont know what does.It is catastrophic that tens of millions of Americans are losing their health insuranceon top of the millions already uninsured.  Medicare must be empowered to cover all health care expenses during this crisis.  We can not abandon the American people.If we can bail out large corporations, we can ensure that everyone in this country can support themselves and afford basic necessities.  Congress must make sure that every working-class household receives a $2,000 monthly payment for each family member in this crisis.All that stuff that pundits said about the Green New Deal, Its unrealistic, Its radical, Its crazy, Its never going to happen all of that I believe could become possible in this moment because there is a rupture emerging. @VarshPrakashInstead of subsidizing COBRA which would be a massive giveaway to the health insurance industry Medicare must be empowered to pay all of the health care bills of the uninsured and under-insured until this crisis is over.If we are going to avoid another Great Depression, it is imperative that every worker in this country continues to receive a paycheck and benefits. Any Senate legislation to address the economic crisis must guarantee 100% of the paychecks of workers up to $90,000 a year.With over 80,000 COVID-19 deaths already, and more to come in the future, a future vaccine must be provided to all without cost. It would be morally unacceptable to allow the pharmaceutical industry to use this pandemic as another opportunity to make huge profits.Here's unfettered capitalism at work. Jeff Bezos, the owner of Amazon, has increased his wealth by $30 billion during the pandemic. His response: end the hazard pay increases that Amazon warehouse workers have received, despite hundreds of them being infected with the virus.We cannot lose sight of the climate emergency around us. Together, we must do everything we can to address this existential threat. Join our virtual town hall @VarshPrakash, @billmckibben, @JayInslee, and @dwallacewells live now:Tonight: watch our live town hall featuring special guests on the existential threat of climate change and what we can do to save our planet. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET atWe cannot continue to tie health insurance coverage to your employment. Medicare for All now.The Democratic Party must stand up to powerful special interests and fight for economic, social, racial and environmental justice. I'm pleased that strong progressive leaders will work with the Biden campaign to unify our party in a transformational and progressive direction.We must do everything possible to develop a vaccine for the coronavirus. And, when we do, it must be provided free of charge to ALL Americans. This is not a time for drug company profiteering.Tomorrow, join a live town hall featuring special guests on how we must save our planet from the existential threat of climate change. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET atI find it astounding that some of my colleagues in the U.S. Congress think we can afford to give a trillion in tax breaks to the 1% and increase military spending, but that we cant take care of all the people who are hurting now.Californians: @ChristyforCA25 is on the ballot for tomorrow's special election in the 25th Congressional District. Vote to send Christy to Congress to fight for working families, and send a message that Californians reject President Trump's hateful agenda.Cost of the Trump tax giveaway to the rich: $1,900,000,000,000 Cost of never ending wars in Middle East: $6,400,000,000,000 Cost of Trump's defense budget: $738,000,000,000 Cost of inaction: Another Great Depression We cannot afford to wait.I find it interesting that now that the coronavirus has hit the White House, Donald Trump is now suddenly a big supporter of testing.In April, 26.4 percent of workers lost their jobs or had their hours reduced.  During this horrific crisis, we have got to guarantee everyone in America $2,000 a month, a paycheck and health care.  The American people can't afford to wait. They need help now.While working people struggle to survive, the rich reach unthinkable levels of wealth. The annual cost of chemotherapy for all cancer patients: $9 billion. Jeff Bezos made that much in about 40 days in 2018.  We can and must build a system based on justice and dignity for all.Join me live now with the @washingtonpost to discuss the response to the coronavirus crisis:Number of Americans between the ages of 0 and 64 at risk of losing their health insurance during this crisis: 43 million. Number of Americans 65 and older at risk of losing their health insurance: 0 That is why we need #MedicareForAll.No one regardless of immigration status should be worrying about how they will get food, or support their family, or get the care they need. That is why we must work to ensure the next coronavirus relief legislation will include benefits for the undocumented.Wishing a happy #MothersDay to Jane and all mothers today. Together we can create a bright future for all our children.Let me be clear: this crisis may be the worst our country has faced since the Civil War. Congress must take unprecedented and immediate action so people can stay home safely without fear of hunger, illness, or financial ruin.What must be in the next relief bill: Guarantee workers continue to receive their paychecks Universal health coverage $2,000 monthly payments for all Fund and protect the United States Postal Service Ensure relief is accessible to immigrants and the undocumentedTens of millions of people are not only losing their jobs. They are losing their health insurance.  We cannot continue to tie your ability to get health care to your employment.  Medicare for All is a moral imperative.This is the richest country on Earth.  We can get through this crisis.  But it is imperative that right now we protect workers and ensure they continue to have both income and health care.Im live with @theappeal talking about how we can take on the greatest crisis of our lifetime.In Denmark, starting pay at McDonalds is about $22 an hour. The workers there get six weeks of paid vacation, a years paid maternity leave and a pension plan. Like all Danes, they enjoy universal medical insurance and paid sick leave. This is what a civilized society is about.This is what a rigged and corrupt economy looks like: -Stock market: Best monthly gains in 33 years -Unemployment: Worst since the Great Depression We have got to fundamentally change the economy. Wall Street CEOs should not be profiteering off of so much pain and suffering.This is catastrophic. We need to keep every employee on their payroll and guarantee their wages, and provide $2,000 a month to everyone in America for the duration of the pandemic. Period.The coronavirus crisis has had a devastating effect on Americans in our prison system. That must be urgently addressed. Join our virtual town hall with @RubysHarmonium, @DA_LarryKrasner, @JustinBamberg, @TracieMGardner, @shaunking:TONIGHT: Join us for a live town hall on the devastating effect of the coronavirus pandemic on Americans in our prison system. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET atThe climate crisis is the greatest challenge facing humanity, and the Trump administration is doing all it can to cause as much damage as possible. We need a Green New Deal.Another 3.2 million people filed for unemployment last week, bringing the total since mid-March to over 33 million.  Washington must not abandon working people as COVID-10 cases outside New York keep rising.  We must pass the Paycheck Security Act now.This crisis exposes Trump's mythology about a booming economy. You dont have a good economy when half of your people have nothing in the bank and are dependent every week on their paycheck in order to literally stay alive.Our campaign's statement on the New York State Board of Election's appeal of a court decision to reinstate the presidential primary:The men who murdered Ahmaud Arbery must be held accountable and there must justice for Ahmaud's family. There is no doubt in my mind that Ahmaud would be alive today if he were white.Tomorrow, join me and featured guests for a live discussion on what needs to be done to protect the rights of the incarcerated in this crisis. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET atNurses are the backbone of American health care. They not only deserve our gratitude and respect. They must be guaranteed PPE and hazard pay during this crisis. #NationalNursesDay #ThankYouNursesNancy Pelosi is right. We must include the Paycheck Security Act in the next emergency legislation. The best way to protect our economy is to guarantee that, in the midst of this terrible crisis, workers continue receiving their paychecks and health care.You need health care whether youre working or not, whether you have a good- or bad-paying job, whether youre old or a kid. Health care must be a human right.  If we dont learn that lesson right now, we will never learn that lesson.How absurd is it that in the richest nation in the world there are Americans who cannot wash their hands with clean water during a deadly pandemic. It is time to rethink our values as a country.At a time when his own administration is predicting a significant increase in COVID-19 cases, our "stable genius" president is winding down his coronavirus task force. This is a true American tragedy. Thousands will unnecessarily die because of Trump's contempt for science.While essential workers put their lives on the line and working families have to choose between food and medicine, the billionaire class added $308 billion to their wealth in four weeks.  This is what a rigged economy looks like.  We cannot accept that any longer.Trump still has not utilized the Defense Production Act to manufacture the equipment we desperately need.  His inaction is literally sacrificing the lives of medical professionals and patients.  Since Trump has failed to act, Congress must step in and address this crisis.We need to cancel rent and cancel mortgages for the duration of this crisis.Our message to Mitch McConnell: what Americans need is not more tax breaks for the rich. It's not more protection for big business. It's to make sure that every person in this country survives this crisis with dignity.While essential workers put their lives on the line and working families have to choose between food and medicine, the billionaire class added $308 billion to their wealth in four weeks. This is what a rigged economy looks like.  We cannot accept that any longer.Never forget we are the only major country in the world without guaranteed paid sick leave. It is not normal for people to be forced to go to work when they are sick during a pandemic.  We must demand better.71% of jobless Americans did not receive unemployment benefits in March. That is shameful. Congress has got to guarantee paychecks, health care and $2,000 a month to every American until this crisis ends. The American people cannot afford to wait.We cannot be a country that forces our people to choose between rent and food in a pandemic. During this crisis we have to cancel rent and mortgage payments nationwide.We need a moratorium on evictions now. The only way we can overcome this pandemic is if people are ensured a safe and decent place to live and stay at home.Do we really want to continue the current expensive and cruel system that ties health care to jobs? Or do we need a simple, comprehensive and cost-effective system that understands that health care is a human right for all of our people?Congratulations to Canada on this important step forward. Now it is time for us to stand up to the NRA and do the same. We must ban the sale, distribution and transfer of assault weapons in the United States.We're seeing how the most essential workers are not hedge fund managers, but doctors and nurses and EMTs, grocery store workers, workers in drug stores, and the truck drivers and bus drivers. They must have hazard pay, protective gear and paid leave NOW.We must use this time to reassess the foundational institutions of American society and determine how we go forward into a better future.  Let us, finally, guarantee health care to all our people as a human right.I am disgusted that health insurance companies want to profit off the pandemic. Spending hundreds of billions on COBRA is a giveaway to health insurance CEOs and leaves millions uninsured. No politician in Washington should reward this kind of greed.Today is a day to understand that we are all in this together, and when millions of workers stand up in the fight for justice, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. #MayDay2020What does it say about the greed of our current health care system that during a pandemic and economic collapse, patients are aggressively harassed by medical debt collectors?  Medical debt should not exist.  We need Medicare for All.On this #MayDay2020, I stand with the workers at Amazon, Whole Foods, Instacart and Target who are on strike.  Essential workers are putting their lives on the line and deserve protection and hazard pay.  The endless corporate greed has got to end!Just as France, Norway, Denmark, the UK and other countries are doing, we have to ensure every worker keeps receiving his or her paycheck and benefits during the crisis.The next coronavirus relief package must do more to protect working families and the vulnerable. Join me, Sen. @ewarren, Rep. @PramilaJayapal and Rep. @MarkPocan for a live town hall on how we go forward during this crisis:It is unacceptable that time and time again, our racist president has failed the people of Puerto Rico. Whether Trump likes it or not, the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens and we must do everything in our power to help them in this crisis.This is what unfettered capitalism is all about. Trump demands that low-income workers in meatpacking plants either go back to work and get sick, or lose their unemployment checks and go hungry. The struggle for justice continues.Maybe, just maybe, we should ask ourselves how we got into a situation where millions of Americans are working for starvation wages in the first place.In the last six weeks 30 million Americans have filed for unemployment. That is catastrophic and unprecedented. Instead of giveaways to profitable corporations, Congress must continue paychecks to unemployed workers and ensure health care for all.Tonight, join me, @ewarren, @PramilaJayapal and @MarkPocan for a livestream on our shared priorities for the next coronavirus relief package. Tune in at 7 p.m. ET atDonald Trump wants to use this horrible crisis as an opportunity to carry out his plan to bankrupt and privatize the United States Postal Service. We are not going to allow that to happen.It is simply irresponsible and dangerous to the public to allow millions of people in this country to go without health coverage as a pandemic rips through our communities.  During the pandemic, Medicare should cover all out-of-pocket health costs for all Americans.Average cost of coronavirus treatment for patients in intensive care: over $30,000 Percentage of Americans who wouldn't go to the doctor for coronavirus symptoms due to the cost: 14% We need to guarantee health care as a human right now more than ever.The Trump administration thinks it's okay to bail out a cruise ship company that pays virtually no federal taxes, but won't save the Postal Service which is making essential deliveries to the American people during a pandemic? How pathetic!How did it happen that after spending twice as much per person on health care as other major countries, we still had 87 million people uninsured or underinsured and were unprepared for the pandemic?No evictions. No foreclosures. No utility shut-offs. No one should lose their home during this crisis and everyone must have access to clean water, electricity, heat and air conditioning.Economic and health care assistance must be available to all, regardless of immigration status. Join our live town hall on how the coronavirus crisis is impacting the undocumented community:Tonight, join our virtual town hall on the effect of the coronavirus pandemic on undocumented immigrants. Tune in at 7 p.m. atOur campaign statement on the New York State Board of Elections decision to cancel the states presidential primary:$41 billion. That's how much Jeff Bezos has seen his wealth go up in the past 5 weeks. Meanwhile, his Amazon employees are putting their lives at risk in warehouses across the country. This is what a rigged economy is about, and why we need a political revolution.If Trump had it his way, he would allow the Postal Service to go bankrupt and then privatize it, jeopardizing more than 600,000 decent paying jobs. We absolutely cannot and will not let that happen.As we deal with this crisis, we need to envision a new America, where health care, housing, decent-paying jobs and dignified retirement are human rights.What we must guarantee to Americans during this crisis: Every worker continues to receive their paycheck Everyone has the health care they need without out-of-pocket expenses Every adult receives $2,000 a monthIf the Postal Service goes under, universal and affordable delivery would no longer be a guaranteed public service. That's unacceptable. During this emergency, the Postal Service is needed now more than ever. Congress must take immediate action to protect USPS.Jane and I want to thank every single American on the frontlines of this terrible crisisdoctors, nurses, postal workers, delivery workers, grocery store workers and many more. We must do everything we can to protect essential workers across the country. #SOULSaturdayLets make sure American workers keep getting their paychecks.We have a president who doesn't believe in science. Whether it is climate change or the coronavirus pandemic, that is unbelievably dangerous.Wishing a peaceful and safe Ramadan to our Muslim family across the country and the world. #RamadanMubarakOur "stable genius" president has suggested that injecting disinfectant might be an effective approach to treating coronavirus. Mr. Trump: your shameful inaction has already cost American lives. Stop putting more at risk with your lies and pseudoscience.For President Trump, ignoring science is not enough. He wants to punish those who do believe in science. He is a threat to the American people. Mr. Trump: stop worrying about your ratings and start trying to save lives.If you live paycheck to paycheck and you lack paid sick and medical leave, staying home is not an option even when you are feeling sick. That is unfair to the employee and to people they may come in contact with. We must ensure paid leave for every worker.In this time of crisis it is up to us to stand up for working people everywhere. Join our virtual town hall with state attorneys general on how we must handle the coronavirus pandemic:If we can bail out large corporations, we can damn well save the Postal Service from going bankrupt because of this horrific pandemic. Add your name if you agree that Congress must act now to save the United States Postal Service and protect its workers.Tonight at 7 p.m. ET, join our virtual town hall with state attorneys general to discuss their response to the coronavirus pandemic and the effect of the crisis on the lives of working people.  Watch live atThis is outrageous. Endless corporate greed is destroying the fabric of this country and it must be stopped.Addressing the climate crisis does not only mean shifting to renewable energy. It means working to undo the harms of environmental racism and ensuring justice for communities of color, Native Americans, people with disabilities, children, and seniors. #EarthDayOur children and grandchildren not only deserve a habitable planet. They deserve a thriving economy and a nation that leads the world in taking on the climate crisis. Together, we will end the fossil fuel industry's greed and pass a Green New Deal. #EarthDayIn a truly free society, economic rights must be considered human rights.During this public health emergency and horrific pandemic, the Postal Service is needed now more than ever. Join our virtual town hall with the leaders of the countrys major postal unions on how we must act to save the postal system:We are all in this together and must demand that government economic and health care assistance is available to all, regardless of immigration status. A human being is a human being.Donald Trump is once again vilifying immigrants to cover for his own incompetence. The American people are tired of his xenophobia and racism.Why do Amazon and Jeff Bezos want to stop their workers from unionizing? Because unionized workers have higher wages, better benefits and more control over their lives. This endless corporate greed is disgusting and puts lives at risk.Tonight, join our virtual town hall with the leaders of the countrys major postal unions on how the federal government can act to save the postal system. Watch at 7 p.m. ET atWe are the only wealthy nation on Earth where our people are losing jobs and health care at precisely the moment that they need them the most. Congress must fully restore the wages and benefits of every rank-and-file worker in America during this pandemic.The current health care system is fatally flawed. Your health care cannot simply be an employee benefit. It must be a right.We have got to legalize marijuana, expunge past marijuana convictions and end the failed War on Drugs.Some 22 million Americans have filed for unemployment. Up to 35 million are expected to become uninsured. We need to pass the Paycheck Security Act to cover workers' wages and benefits until the economic and public health crisis is resolved.As tens of millions of Americans are losing their jobs and incomes as a result of the pandemic, many of them are also losing their health insurance.  That is what happens when health care is seen as an employee benefit, not a guaranteed right.  We need Medicare for All.We can't continue along the path of greed and unfettered capitalism, in which three people own more wealth than the bottom half of Americans and tens of millions struggle to afford food, housing, and education. We must go forward in a very new direction.In truth, we dont have a health care system. We have a byzantine network of medical institutions dominated by the profit-making interests of insurance and drug companies.In the midst of the coronavirus pandemic and the meltdown of our economy, its imperative that we re-examine some of the foundations of American society, understand why they are failing us, and fight for a fairer and more just nation.We need to ask ourselves how it happened that we have an economy where half of our people are living paycheck to paycheck and 40% cannot afford a $400 emergency.It's an outrage Trump blocked an agreement to save the Postal Service. If we can bail out large corporations, we can damn well prevent the Postal Service, the most popular government agency in America, from going bankrupt because of this horrific pandemic.Instead of bailing out the health care insurance industry during this crisis, Medicare should be required to pay all of the medical bills of the uninsured and underinsured. That's what I'm fighting for. No one should be denied care because of the cost.In the richest country in the history of the world, Americans should not have to decide between paying for their medication and putting food on the table..@Uber drivers have the right to unemployment benefits. Uber must provide their wage data to state labor departments so its drivers can collect the benefits they desperately need during this pandemic. I stand with @_drivers_united and @NYTWA members.Health care must be a human right. Join our live town hall on the urgent need for Medicare for All, featuring @PramilaJayapal, @AbdulElSayed, @one4singlepayer, @mlighty60 and music from @MAXMusic and @LJAndersonmusic:Tonight at 7:25 p.m. ET, join our virtual town hall on why the coronavirus pandemic proves the need to guarantee health care as a human right through Medicare for All, featuring music from @MAXMusic and @LJAndersonmusic. Watch atTo prevent the collapse of the economy is far more humane and cost effective than rebuilding the economy after it collapses. During this crisis we must make sure workers stay on payroll and receive a paycheck.It is outrageous and unsustainable that we have a health care system which ties your health care to your employment. That has got to change.For the duration of this emergency, the government should cover all the health care our people need with no out-of-pocket expenses. Then we continue fighting for Medicare for All.Now more than ever, we must understand that a health care should not be a privilege tied to employment status or income. Medicare for All means no one loses coverage. Period.There are people today who may well have symptoms of coronavirus, but who have to go to work because they dont have any paid family or medical leave. How does that happen in the richest country in the history of the world?I support @seiu200united and TCGPlayer warehouse workers work to organize a union. Now more than ever, workers need a union contract to protect their wages, benefits, and safety on the job.In case you missed it: watch our town hall on the on the future of the economy after the coronavirus pandemic.We must rebuild in a way that puts working people first. Join me, @StephanieKelton, @JeffDSachs, @RBReich, and @flyingwithsara for our live town hall now:Tonight, join a live town hall on the future of the economy after the coronavirus pandemic. Tune in to at 7 p.m. ET..@iamcardib and I are back. Join us as we discuss the economic and health crises caused by COVID-19 and the priorities of young voters during this complex time:What this campaign did was put together a grassroots movement unlike anything in American politics. Thank you to all of our supporters for being part of that.We must come together to defeat the most dangerous president in modern history. I'm joining @JoeBiden's livestream with a special announcement.While this campaign is coming to an end, our movement is not. Please stay in this fight with me.Let us go forward together. The struggle continues.Today I am suspending my campaign. But while the campaign ends, the struggle for justice continues on.Please join me at 11:45 a.m. ET for a special message to our supporters, live on our social media andWe must protect struggling small and independent businesses, not the profits of vulture fund managers. Taxpayer money must not be used to bail out private equity.There is a word to describe our health care system today: grotesque. We need Medicare for All.When we talk about systemic racism, that means serious inequalities in our health care system. Join our live town hall on how the coronavirus crisis is having a disproportionately harmful impact on the African American community:I agree with @ewarren that our response to the COVID-19 crisis must include a robust plan to protect the right to vote, and in fact, make it easier to vote.Absentee voters in Wisconsin: Remember to flip to the back of the ballot and vote YES on the @voteyesformps and @Yes4OurKids Milwaukee and Racine school district funding referendums so these students can get the education they deserve.Tonight, tune in to at 7 p.m. ET for a livestream on the disproportionate impact of coronavirus on the African American community and the systemic racism in our health care system.Absentee voters in Wisconsin: remember to get your ballot postmarked today and vote for @judgekarofsky for the state Supreme Court. Help us create a government that works for working people.Let's be clear: holding this election amid the coronavirus outbreak is dangerous, disregards the guidance of public health experts, and may very well prove deadly. For that reason, our campaign will not be engaged in any traditional GOTV efforts.It's outrageous that the Republican legislative leaders and the conservative majority on the Supreme Court in Wisconsin are willing to risk the health and safety of many thousands of Wisconsin voters tomorrow for their own political gain.Health care facilities that provide essential care in their communities must stay open, period. I stand with the members of @nationalnurses who are protesting the closure of an emergency room on the South Side of Chicago today.This is a massive crisis and it is absurd that in the United States of America, our medical personnel and our hospitals do not have the equipment and protection they need.Frontline workersincluding grocery and pharmacy workers, warehouse workers, medical personnel, farmworkers, food processing workers, truck drivers, postal workers, delivery drivers, and janitorsmust be provided hazard pay, child care, and safe working conditions..@Walmart is owned by the wealthiest family in the country. Their workers should not have to put their lives at risk to earn their paycheck. Walmart must end their greed, guarantee sick leave to all and stop putting workers at risk.Our country is facing its worst crisis in modern history. Congress must pass, in the very near future, the boldest piece of legislation ever written in modern history. Join me to discuss the next phase of our response. With music by @boniver and @sophareJoin us soon for our virtual town hall at What questions do you have about the health and economic crises we're facing that you would like to hear answered?Tonight at 7 p.m. ET join me for a live town hall on the coronavirus pandemic and our priorities for the next relief package, featuring music by @boniver and @sopharela. Watch atIf you're able, please chip in to support Get Us PPE Fund, Feeding America, Movement for Black Lives COVID19 Mutual Aid Fund, UE Research and Education Fund, United for Respect, and Freelancers Relief Fund, who are helping those in need during this crisis.When Dr. King was shot 52 years ago on this day, he was in Memphis standing with exploited sanitation workers. Our job, our mission, is to carry on his fight. We must work every day to build a nation where every person is able to live a life of peace and dignity.It's outrageous that during this time essential workers are forced to work without the proper safety equipment. I stand with @sproutsfm workers demanding PPE, hazard pay, sick days, and a safety committee now. Add your name to their petition:The coronavirus does not differentiate based on immigration status and our economic and health response must not either. Guaranteeing all residents the assistance they need makes us safer, stronger, and is the morally right thing to do.Hotspots like NYC are in dire need of supplies to protect the health care workers risking their lives to care for others. I agree with @BilldeBlasio and @nynurses: Trump must stop playing political games and get it done now.Your health care cannot be tied to your employment. It has to be seen as a human right.We have a responsibility to ensure no person goes hungry during this crisis. We must: Increase SNAP benefits and expand SNAP and WIC Double funding for The Emergency Food Program Expand Meals on Wheels and school meals programsAt a time when millions are losing their jobs AND their health care, the American people are now seeing the gross deficiencies in our employer-based private health care system. Health care is a human right, not an employee benefit. Medicare for All!Just as other countries have, including the UK, Norway, and Denmark, we must make sure that every worker in America continues to receive their paycheck during this crisis, retroactive to the beginning of the crisis.I hope very much that out of this terrible tragedy we do some fundamental rethinking about the nature of American society.In this unprecedented moment in modern American history, it is imperative that we respond in an unprecedented way. That means that Congress must pass, in the very near future, the boldest piece of legislation ever written in modern history.It's outrageous that frontline workers like the @NationalNurses are treating those with COVID-19 and still don't have sufficient protective equipment amid this crisis. Trump must immediately and forcefully use the Defense Production Act to get this done.If the president and Mitch McConnell think there is not another major emergency bill coming soon, they are terribly wrong. The country is in crisis and we have got to respond to that crisis.It is absurd that someone could be diagnosed with coronavirus and receive a massive bill for the treatment. We must come together and make health care a right for all.Jeff Bezos: The richest man in the world. Amazon: Pays $0 in federal income taxes. Workers: Unable to get the protection they need. The greed has got to end. I stand with Amazon workers who are fighting for their rights.I stand with the flight attendants. The airline grants in the COVID-19 bill must be approved now to fully fund the paychecks and benefits of 2 million workers. Secretary Mnuchin: Stop delaying this relief. Workers can't afford to wait. They need help now.If you can't win on your ideas and need to depend on low turnout and voter suppression, get out of politics and get another job.Health care workers risk their lives every day to fight this pandemic, and they deserve to have their collective bargaining rights protected. Clark County must reverse this disgraceful decision.In the wealthiest country in history, it's unacceptable that public schools are crumbling. The @VoteYesforMPS and @VoteYes4OurKids school district funding referendums on the ballot in Milwaukee and Racine are exactly the kind of investment Wisconsin students need and deserve.In the midst of the exploding unemployment and public health crises, Congress must pass new and unprecedented emergency legislation that guarantees health care for all and allows every American worker to continue receiving their paycheck. Working on details now.We need Medicare for All so that your health insurance is not tied to your job.Judges should stand up for the needs of working people and civil rights, not huge corporate CEO donors, which is why I strongly endorse @judgekarofsky for the Wisconsin Supreme Court.Instead of rallying the scientific community, instead of educating the American people about the need for social distancing and the other things that we have to do, Trump's inaction has cost the lives of many, many Americans.This is a crisis. People don't know how they're going to afford to stay in their homes. We need to suspend rent and mortgage payments, evictions, and foreclosures nationwide.I support workers who strike, conduct a sick-out, or participate in a walk-off to support our collective health and safety amid this pandemic. Period.A Medicare for All system is designed to provide quality care to all not simply make huge amounts of money for insurance and drug companies.The cruelty and absurdity of our for-profit health care system is more obvious in the midst of this crisis than it has ever been. The American people want Medicare for All.During this growing economic crisis, tens of millions of Americans are on the verge of going hungry. We cannot allow that to happen. The federal government must act now to make sure that every American has access to the food they need during this horrific pandemic.We cannot continue to have a dysfunctional, greedy health care system which ties most people's health care coverage to employment, leaves tens of millions uninsured and bankrupts over 500,000 people a year. We must guarantee health care as a human right through Medicare for All.Under Medicare for All, rural hospitals would finally have consistent funding rather than being forced into closure based on the business models of profit-seeking health insurers.The Federal Reserve estimates that upwards of 47 million people could lose their jobs.  That means tens of millions losing insurance in addition to the 30 million already uninsured.  Under Medicare for All, no one would lose their health insurance if they lost their job.While there is no simple health care fix to the destruction of coronavirus, under a Medicare for All system, everyone would have comprehensive health care free at the point of service. No one would avoid going to the doctor due to cost, or go into debt just for getting sick.We must never forget that we are only as healthy as the least insured among us. When one of us gets sick, all of us have the potential to get sick. When our neighbor loses their job, that hurts our community and local economy.The coronavirus pandemic is highlighting every day the many ways in which our country leaves the poor and vulnerable behind. Millions of workers have no paid leave. Half our people live paycheck to paycheck.  And 87 million are uninsured or underinsured.People shouldn't have to put their lives on the line to vote. Wisconsin should join the 15 states delaying elections, delay Tuesdays vote, extend early voting, and work to send every voter a ballot by mail. While we wait for a decision we urge our supporters to vote-by-mail.Walmart is owned by the wealthiest family in the country. Yet workers say they do not have the protective gear they need; very few have paid leave they can use; and many are making low wages. Will you join me in calling on Walmart to protect its workers?It's disgraceful that Amazon, which is owned by the richest man in the world, is not only failing to protect its workers but has now fired a worker for protesting dangerous conditions. I stand with Chris and all Amazon workers fighting for their safety.Transgender people everywhere deserve to live in dignity and security. Together, we will end hatred and bigotry towards trans Americans and build a nation based on love, justice and civil rights. #TransDayOfVisibilityFar too many women in America have inadequate wages that leave them struggling to get by. Expanding workers' rights and raising wages means we must finally end the pay gap. #EqualPayDayAmericans deserve better than a health care system where people are terrified and need treatment, but are afraid to go to the doctor or emergency room because they cannot afford the bill. They deserve Medicare for All.We must construct emergency shelters and utilize vacant lodging to provide survivors of domestic violence the shelter, the health care and the nutrition they need, and to connect those individuals with social services to ensure nobody is left behind.Now is the time to act boldly and support each other. Join our coronavirus response roundtable with Dr. @CornelWest, Rep. @DeFazio4Oregon, @RevDrBarber, and @soniashah, featuring music from @NRateliff.What questions do you have for our panel tonight? Tune in soon atWe must move forward on a fourth coronavirus stimulus package. This bill must protect workers, not hand out more corporate welfare.  It must provide a full paycheck for laid off workers for the duration of the crisis, and guarantee health care for all.Tonight at 7 p.m. ET, join our livestream on the coronavirus pandemic with guests Dr. @CornelWest, Rep. @DeFazio4Oregon, @RevDrBarber, and @soniashah, featuring music from @NRateliff. Join atWe must make sure that the checks from the first stimulus package get to people as quickly as possible. Next, we must build a new stimulus package to go even further.Corporations like Whole Foods have a moral obligation to take this pandemic seriously and stop putting profits over people. Add your name to stand with Whole Foods workers who are demanding an immediate expansion of paid sick hours for all employees:We are dealing with an unprecedented pandemic and economic crisis. Please take a moment to upload a video of yourself and tell us how the coronavirus is affecting you. Your story may be featured on our website and official social media channels:Jeff Bezos is the wealthiest person in the world. Amazon pays $0 in federal income taxes. Yet Bezos refuses to protect Amazon warehouse workers. I stand with the workers today demanding safe working conditions and paid leave.Our health care system should be about protecting lives, not making huge profits for corporations.We are facing estimates of over 100,000 coronavirus deaths. It is outrageous that a Philadelphia real estate investor who closed a hospital is now trying to gouge the city to re-open it. @HelenGymPHL is right: the city should reopen Hahnemann hospital immediately.There is something very, very wrong when we spend twice as much per capita on health care as other major countries, yet tens of millions are uninsured and we have worse health outcomes. The profit-driven health care system has got to change. We need Medicare for All.Jane and I are deeply saddened to hear of the passing of State Rep. Isaac Robinson. He served as a vice chair for our campaign in Michigan and believed strongly in a fairer future for all. Our thoughts are with his family and loved ones.Anti-Semitism and Nazism destroyed a good part of my family. Ill fight to make sure hatred has no place in our country.It is unacceptable that tens of millions of Americans, despite working hard at full-time jobs, now find themselves laid off, with nothing in the bank and are terrified as to how they'll be able to feed their kids.Our current economy, which allows for a grotesque level of income and wealth inequality and forces half of our people to live paycheck-to-paycheck, must be replaced by an economy that works for all, not just the few.There is no excuse for the wealthiest nation on Earth not to be prepared to have adequate test kits for a pandemic, or have the protective masks, gloves and gowns our medical personnel require.Our dysfunctional health care system must be replaced by a Medicare for All, single-payer system, which not only guarantees health care for everyone as a right, but has a strong public health component which prepares our country for health care crises like the coronavirus.Now is the time.  The unprecedented crises we are living in call for an unprecedented response.  If there is any silver lining in the horrific situation we now find ourselves in, it is the need to understand how we got here and how we can prevent future disasters like this.It is simply absurd that massive corporations who make billions in profits every year claim they cannot afford to guarantee paid sick leave to their workers.If our medical personnel go down, who will treat the American people? Mr. Trump: Utilize the Defense Production Act and protect our medical personnel.Corporate-run health insurance isn't about saving lives. It's about making as much money as possible. With Medicare for All we can finally put an end to this international disgrace.We need a clean Carcieri fix to reaffirm the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for all federally recognized Indian tribes. A Sanders administration will prioritize that.We must reset the partnership between the federal government and Tribal Nations by putting land and control of that land back in the hands of tribes.For far too long, the federal government has adopted policies that take land away from tribes, ignore treaty rights and interfere with tribal management of their own resources.I stand with the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe in their fight to restore lands that belong to them, and I oppose the disgraceful decision by the Trump Administration to disestablish their lands held in trust by the Department of Interior.Using this health and economic crisis to union bust is morally unacceptable. Im calling on @Everlane to bring workers back on payroll and recognize the @EverlaneU..@Instacart was last valued at nearly $8 billion. A company of this size should not be forcing its workers to put themselves and us all at risk. I stand with the workers, and encourage Instacart to meet the their demands.Rev. Joseph Lowery was a titan of civil rights. He leaves behind an incredible legacy of fighting for justice that we must carry forward every day. Our thoughts are with the Lowery family.Along with pausing mortgage payments, evictions, and utility shutoffs, we must place a moratorium on rent payments, especially in states hardest-hit by the coronavirus like New York. We must build on the important work @sengianaris and others are doing to make this happen.People today are dying, knowing they're sick, but they're not going to the hospital because they can't afford the bill that they'll be picking up. That is an international disgrace. We need to make health care a right.This is absolutely barbaric. The cruelty and absurdity of our for-profit health care system is more obvious in the midst of this crisis than it has ever been. We need Medicare for All.In this crisis we must listen to the experts and do everything we can to protect our medical personnel who are on the front lines. Join our livestream with doctors and nurses on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic:Tonight I will be hosting a livestream with doctors and nurses on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic. Tune in at 7 p.m. ET atRight now, the phone lines of unemployment offices around the country are jammed and websites are crashing. The federal government must immediately put together the necessary staffing and technology to address the unprecedented number of requests for help that are coming in.This is a crisis. The stimulus package just passed can provide real help to millions, but it wont matter unless the federal bureaucracy is able to implement the program and get the money out. No business as usual. People need help NOW, not in several months.Losing your job and being unemployed is difficult enough. You shouldnt lose your health insurance too. Medicare for All means always being covered.The fact that we are the only major country not to guarantee paid leave, and millions of workers cannot take paid sick days, is a public health emergency.We need to listen to the experts to get through this crisis.Last night's bill included the largest expansion of unemployment benefits in history. We will still need to go much further to help the working people of this country.We have a president who is speaking in opposition to medical advisors in our own government. To me, this is as dangerous as he gets.I am grateful to receive the support of @WisMuslimVoters who promote civic participation among the Muslim community in Wisconsin. Now more than ever we must all come together so that every community gets the care and protection they need.Workers who are providing essential public services deserve hazard pay and adequate safety equipment. I applaud the members of @teamsters Local 249 who are standing up not just for themselves, but for workers everywhere.The coronavirus is spreading quickly, and the reality is that CVS workers are among some of those at the highest risk and are less likely to have paid sick leave. Add your name to this petition to demand CVS provide a safe workplace for workers:Medicare for All means never losing your health insurance if you lose your job. That is what we must guarantee to the American people.It is unacceptable that healthcare workers are being forced to treat COVID-19 patients without personal protective equipment (PPE). Donald Trump must immediately invoke the Defense Production Act so that we can speed up the production of PPE for workers.We must move forward in terms of economic, social, racial and environmental justice, guarantee human rights and end this unfettered capitalism.The coronavirus relief package must help working people, not large corporations. Join me for the latest update as Congress debates emergency legislation.I'm joining Amazon workers to demand: Paid sick leave for ALL 1.5x hazard pay Childcare pay and subsidies Stop enforcement of rate-based quotas Closing of workplaces where employees test positive for coronavirus Add your name if you agree:Please join me at 7 p.m. ET tonight to discuss the latest updates on the coronavirus pandemic, as Congress continues to debate emergency legislation. Tune in atThe American people understand that we are only as safe as the least insured person in America. Together, we must finally make health care a right to all..@McDonalds give your workers paid sick leave.As we figure out how to deal with the coronavirus, we must listen to the experts. Join me for a conversation with @PramilaJayapal and public health experts @AbdulElSayed, @JoiaMukherjee and Dr. Rishi Desai. With music from @SarahLeeGuthrie .We have got to ask how we got to be a country where so many people are in financial despair and some 40% of Americans cannot afford $400 for an emergency.Tonight at 8 p.m. ET, join us for a roundtable on the coronavirus crisis. I'll be joined by our campaign Health Policy Chair Rep. @PramilaJayapal and health professionals, featuring music by @SarahLeeGuthrie. Tune in atIt is outrageous that right-wing politicians in states like Texas and Ohio are using this crisis to risk women's health and safety by denying their right to abortion and other reproductive health care. Instead, we should be expanding access with things like telemedicine.Trump must use the Defense Production Act to produce hundreds of millions of the protective equipment we need. As our health care workers are protected, we must also focus on all workers at risk, including @TWULocal100 members exposed every day:In a dark time, this is very good news. Congratulations to Colorado on this important step toward justice. We must abolish the death penalty nationwide.I do not think you only have a right to health care if you have the money to afford it. I think you have a right to health care because you are a human being.We cannot just give corporations money to do anything they want. We have to ensure that money is going to protect working people.In this unprecedented health and economic crisis, we must all stand together. Thank you to unions like @GoIUPAT who are rightly demanding proposals to make sure working people dont lose their income and that everyone has all the health care they need.This is an unprecedented moment and we have got to think in an unprecedented way. Together, with the leadership of people like @AOC, @IlhanMN and @RashidaTlaib, we will get through this.Thank you Jamar, Ethan, James and Phillip. Thank you to the millions of workers on the front lines of this pandemic. We owe you so much. We must do everything in our power to ensure the safety, security and respect for workers and their unions.We not only need to put a moratorium on utility shut-offs across the country. We must restore utility services to anyone who has had their utilities shut off.We must suspend rent and mortgage payments, evictions, and foreclosures across the country. We cannot abandon our people and allow families to be thrown out of their homes during a pandemic.We need an unprecedented legislative response that focuses on the emergency health care needs of the American people not billions of dollars in corporate welfare to benefit CEOs and wealthy stockholders.Some of my Republican colleagues are calling for a $1,000, one-time check to Americans. Really? That'll last you two or three weeks. What happens after that? We need to give every person in this country $2,000 a month for the duration of this crisis.This is an unprecedented moment and we have got to think in an unprecedented way. Join our livestream on the coronavirus response with @aoc, @IlhanMN, and @RashidaTlaib, featuring musical guests including @grandson.TONIGHT: join our livestream on the response to the coronavirus outbreak with @AOC, @IlhanMN, and @RashidaTlaib, featuring musical guests including @grandson.  Tune in at 7 pm ET atDonald Trump needs to get his act together and do this now.Corporate greed is a threat to our public health. To McDonald's and other massive corporations: Stop hoarding wealth for your executives and putting lives in danger. Guarantee paid sick leave now.We will get through this crisis by supporting each other and the most vulnerable. We identified new, important charities doing essential work during the pandemic. Can you add a contribution to support them?We cannot give Trumps Treasury Department a blank check to bail out the airlines, cruise ships, hotels, and many other industries, while providing next to nothing to help the homeless or the most vulnerable people in this country. 6/6Corporate pork producers are using the coronavirus to push Congress to expedite guest worker visas, even at a time when international travel and immigration is largely shut down. 5/6Adidas wants to sneak in a long-sought provision allowing people to use pretax money to pay for gym memberships and fitness equipment even when many gyms and retail stores are closed nationwide. 4/6The National Association of Manufacturers wants $1.4 trillion, and the International Council of Shopping Centers wants a guarantee of up to $1 trillion. 3/6The airline industry is asking for $50 billion, the private space industry is asking for $5 billion, and the hotel industry wants $150 billion. 2/6Now is not the time to allow large corporations to take advantage of this horrific crisis by profiteering and ripping off U.S. taxpayers. In the last few days, weve seen numerous examples of lobbyists and their agents fighting for special favors. Here are a few of them. 1/6We need to bail out workers, not corporations.Mr. President, get your act together. Utilize the Defense Production Act and protect our medical personnel.I am grateful to receive the support of @PSC_CUNY and their 30,000 members, who are working tirelessly for the safety of their campuses and community throughout this pandemic.In this extraordinary moment in American and world history, we have got to think outside the box in a way that we have never done.Trump must act now. Not only are the lives of the heroes and heroines providing medical care on the line, the lives of millions across the rest of the country are on the line as well. If our medical front line goes down, the whole country is at risk.The president must immediately and forcefully use the Defense Production Act to direct manufacturers to produce all of the personal protective equipment, ventilators, and other medical supplies that we need to get through this crisis.Unbelievably, in the U.S. right now, doctors and nurses are unnecessarily putting their lives on the line treating people suffering from the coronavirus because they lack personal protective equipment like masks, gloves, and surgical gowns. That is unacceptable.Emergency funding for any industry must come with the condition that workers keep their jobs and receive a living wage. I am proud to stand alongside @32BJSEIU in the fight to ensure that workers don't bear the cost of this crisis.Suspend evictions, foreclosures, and utility shut-offs nationwide.We need fundamental change to an economy that leaves far too many working people behind. Join a teach-in with Bernie 2020 campaign staff and leadership on the coronavirus and the social safety net:Thank you to the thousands of people across the country who are fighting for the vulnerable and showing what #NotMeUs is all about.A basic underlining principle of what we must do in Congress right now is to make certain that every American receives the financial assistance they need to survive this crisis with dignity.We need to send emergency cash payments of $2,000 to every person in America each month for the duration of this pandemic.Llame al: 312-626-6799, codigo: 660829170# para escuchar la pltica en Espaol.Im hosting a virtual roundtable on the economic and health crises created by the coronavirus outbreak. Join me, musical guests @andrecymone @NahkoBear, and two leaders on the frontlines of the crisis - @FlyingWithSara and @SaruJayaraman.Hoy a las 7:00 pm ET, nete a la pltica virtual sobre las Respuestas a la Crisis del Coronavirus. Para el video en vivo:  Llame al: 312-626-6799, codigo: 660829170# para escuchar la pltica en Espaol.Tune in to our livestream tonight at 7 p.m. ET at I will be outlining a proposal to address this crisis. Together, we will get through this.Tonight, via national livestream, I will outline a proposal that addresses this horrific situation.In this unprecedented moment in modern world history, amidst massive fear and anxiety, I will do all that I can to insist that the Democratic response to this crisis be as bold as this moment requires.  Now is the time to stand with the working families of this county.Not surprisingly, the Republican plan for the coronavirus pandemic is totally inadequate.  It benefits the rich and large corporations, creates desperation for poor and working families and goes nowhere near far enough to address the health and economic crises we're facing.Uninsured Americans not only have to worry about getting sick from the coronavirus. They have to worry about whether getting health care would bankrupt them. During an international crisis or not, health care must always be a right.Tonight, I will be holding a virtual roundtable on the economic and health crises created by the coronavirus outbreak. Tune in at 7 p.m. ET atRight now 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured. Our profit-driven health care system is a danger to our people. During this crisis, Medicare should cover all health care treatment for free, including coronavirus testing, treatment, and the eventual vaccine.We are the richest country in the history of the world. Every worker deserves a living wage, paid leave, health care, and a unionat all times, not just during a national crisis.Now is the time for us to stand together. Split a contribution between five charities that are fighting for kids, the economically disadvantaged, and workers during the pandemic:More than 45 million Americans struggle with $1.6 trillion in student debt. We must cancel all student loan payments for the duration of this emergency. Long-term, we must cancel all student debt and make public colleges, universities, and trade schools tuition- and debt-free.Our current health care system does not have the doctors and nurses we currently need. During this crisis, we need to mobilize medical residents, retired medical professionals, and other medical personnel to help us deal with this crisis.We need to make certain that everybody in our country who needs to go to a doctor can get health care they need regardless of their income. In this crisis we must empower Medicare to cover all medical bills during this emergency.We are likely already in a recession. Workers are losing income while their bills pile up. We need to provide direct, emergency $2,000 cash payments to every person in America every month for the duration of the crisis.We will get through this difficult time by looking out for one another and protecting the vulnerable. What is something someone has done to help you, or what have you done to reach out to others?I proudly stood with @PennaNurses and @District1199C to fight the closure of Hahnemann. We must re-open such hospitals and fund the creation of new facilities to address this pandemic. I hope that other cities and states will follow Philadelphia's lead.It's been estimated that the unemployment rate could hit 20% if we don't act boldly. A one or two time check isn't good enoughthe government must tell every small and mid-sized business owner that we'll cover 100% of their payroll if they don't lay off anyone during this crisis.The crisis we face from coronavirus is on the scale of a major war. Read our principles for responding to the health care and economic crises, and if you have thoughts or ideas to share with us, email info@berniesanders.com.We must waive all student loan payments for the duration of this emergency.Join me live as we discuss the government response to the coronavirus and the actions required going forward.I'll be giving remarks tonight at 7:15 p.m. ET on how we can respond to the growing coronavirus crisis in a way that protects working people and our most vulnerable. Watch live atWe need to provide emergency unemployment assistance to anyone who loses their job through no fault of their own.The workers of this nation must be taken care of during this crisis. I stand with @UNITEHERE workers urging the billionaire owners in @MLB, @NBA and @NHL to pay workers their full wages. #PayArenaWorkersThis must be a moment in which people ask fundamental questions about the rationality of our current health care system, which exists to make corporations as much profit as possible, regardless of the consequences.If you have questions about what is happening in your state, you can email us at info@berniesanders.com.As we continue to fight for universal health care and paid leave, it has never been more important to strengthen the trade union movement. Workers must have the right to collectively bargain for better pay, stronger benefits, and more power over their lives.While Arizona, Florida and Illinois are still voting today, going to the polls amid the coronavirus outbreak is a personal decision and we respect whichever choice voters make. If you do go to the polls, please see CDC guidance on keeping yourself safe:Join our digital rally live now:Join me now for our first-ever digital rally featuring @Neilyoung and @dhlovelife, Jim James of @mymorningjacket, @freenationalsXX and many more special guests.Thank you to @nejbUNITEHERE. I will continue to fight alongside you and your 10,000 members across the Northeast for an economy that works for working people.No one should go bankrupt due to medical bills. No one should avoid a doctor because they can't afford it. No one should watch a loved one die because they were uninsured. We must end this injustice and pass Medicare for All.No one should ever be bankrupted because they got sick. In the midst of this emergency, the U.S. government must be clear that everyone in our country must be able to get all of the health care they need without cost. Period.We have to make a choice. What kind of nation do we want to be? Do we want to work together to tackle the problems facing this country, or be one where nothing fundamentally changes for the people with power who make huge amounts of money on greed and corruption?If you want to make real change and create an economy that works for all, you know what you need? You need to take on Wall Street, the drug companies, the insurance companies, and the fossil fuel industry. You dont take campaign contributions from them.It is time ask the question of who owns the power in this country. #DemDebateWe have the boldest plan to address the climate crisis and the courage to take on the fossil fuel industry. #DemDebateOn day one we'll restore the DACA program for the 1.8 million young people who are eligible. We will we end ICE raids and family separations. We will have a humane, sensible immigration policy supported by the American people. #DemDebateI voted against the Defense of Marriage Act. Biden voted for it. I voted against the war in Iraq. Biden voted for it. I voted against NAFTA and PNTR. Biden voted for them. It takes courage sometimes to do the right thing. #DemDebateGo to the YouTube. Take a look at Joe Biden's record of trying to cut Social Security. #DemDebateIn 1995, I was on the House floor fighting the GOPs efforts to cut Social Security. 5 days later, Joe Biden gave a speech in the Senate bragging about his work with the GOP to try to freeze funding for Social Security. #DemDebateJoe, be honest. You have tried to cut Social Security for 40 years. #DemDebateWhat we have got to address is not just the current economic crisis, but also address the fragility of the economy, in which so few have so much and so many have so little. #DemDebateIn 2008 when we had the Wall Street bailout, the people on top did very well. This time around, let us learn that lesson and pay attention to the working families of this country. #DemDebateThis coronavirus pandemic exposes the incredible weakness and dysfunctionality of our current health care system. We are the only major country not to guarantee health care to all our people. We need Medicare for All. #DemDebateIf I am president, we will make it clear that whether you are rich or poor you will get the care you need. The drug companies will not be allowed to rip off the American people. #DemDebateThe first thing we need to do, whether I'm president or not, is to shut this president up and finally listen to the scientists. #DemDebateThe debate starts soon on CNN. Follow along with updates on our live blog here:Join @briebriejoy, @NaomiAKlein, @MattMcGorry, @MsLauraGomez and more as they preview the CNN debate at 8 PM ET.No one should be in debt because they needed health care. We have got to cancel all $81 billion in existing past-due medical debt.It's great that Joe Biden is now supporting a position that was in the Democratic platform four years ago. Now we must make all public universities, colleges and trade schools tuition-free for all, cancel all student debt, and fund it with a small tax on Wall Street speculation.Thank you to @ShowUp4RJ for their tireless fight against racism, xenophobia, and white supremacy. I'm honored to receive their endorsement. Together, we will continue the fight for racial justice and build a more just and equitable future for all.Our country is facing a medical and economic crisis the likes of which we've not seen in generations. Our response must meet the enormous scale of the pandemic. Now is the time for solidarity, and robust action.These are tough times. We will get through this. Never forget that we are all in this together.Tonight, the American people will see Joe Biden and myself on a debate stage, one-on-one, debating the solutions to the enormous crises facing our country. I hope that you will tune in to CNN at 8 pm ET.If our neighbor or co-worker gets sick, we have the potential to get sick. If our neighbors lose their jobs, then our local economies suffer, and we may lose our jobs. It is at this moment that we must remember that we are all in this together.Tune in live to our #FiresideChat now:Tonight, we're going to do something a little bit different. Join us for a fireside chat as we talk about our vision for the future of this country and take your questions.If this situation isnt a red flag for our current dysfunctional and wasteful health care system, frankly, I dont know what is.Tonight, join me for a fireside chat from my home in Burlington to discuss our vision for the country. Ill be taking questions from our audience. Tune in at at 7:30 p.m. ET.The pharmaceutical industry must be told in no uncertain terms that the medicines that they manufacture for this crisis will be sold at cost. This is not the time for profiteering or price gouging.The American people deserve better than a cruel, corporate-run health care system that bankrupts people for getting sick. We need Medicare for All.We must expand the Meal on Wheels program, school lunch program and SNAP so that no one goes hungry during this crisis.We need to construct emergency housing to make sure that the homeless, survivors of domestic violence, and college students quarantined off campus are able to receive the shelter, health care, and nutrition they need.I'm humbled and proud to have Rev. Jesse Jackson, Sr. by my side in the fight to expand voting rights, create a single-payer health care system, and finally deliver full social and economic equality for those who have been left behind.Short-term: we must provide emergency unemployment assistance and include workers who depend on tips, gig workers, domestic workers and independent contractors. Long-term: we need Medicare for All so your health insurance is not tied to your job.Workers are being told not to go to work, but many will face financial ruin if they don't. We must finally pass paid family and medical leave right now.We are only as safe as the least-insured person in America.We must learn important lessons from the coronavirus outbreak and make major changes to ensure that every American is taken care of in times of crisis. Im addressing the nation now. Watch live:At 2 p.m. ET today I will deliver another address to the nation on the lessons our country can learn from the coronavirus outbreak. Please tune in atPresident Trump is unable and unwilling to lead selflessly. We must immediately convene an emergency, bipartisan authority of experts to support and direct a response that is comprehensive, compassionate, and based first and foremost on science and fact.Now is the time for solidarity. We must fight with love and compassion for those most vulnerable to the effects of this pandemic.One of the reasons I'm running for president is for my grandchildren and kids all over the world. We're going to create the nation and world that they deserve.Imagine having a government that fights for the needs of working people, not corporate profits, Wall Street, and fossil fuel companies. That's the nation we can build together.I am honored to have the endorsement of Milwaukee's @AFTLocal212. Together, we will end student debt and make public colleges and universities free for everyone.We've been told over and over that Medicare for All is "too radical." I think it's radical to have a health care system that leaves 87 million people uninsured or underinsured. I think it's radical that people can't afford to see a doctor during a pandemic.Health care is a human right.Illinois: You have until 5 p.m. today to request a vote by mail ballot. It only takes a few minutes to apply.It is an absolute moral imperative that our response as a government, as a society, as business communities, and as individuals meets the enormity of this crisis. Read and watch my full remarks to the nation today:In this economic crisis, we need to place an immediate moratorium on evictions, foreclosures, and utility shut-offs.While we work to pass Medicare for All, the U.S. government must be clear that in the midst of this emergency, everyone in our countryregardless of income or where they livemust be able to get the health care they need without cost.We are dealing with a national emergency and the president should declare one now.It will be easy to feel like we are in this alone, or that we must only worry about ourselves and let everyone else fend for themselves. That would be a very dangerous mistake. We must remember that we are in this together.We need real action and leadership to protect the American people. I'm addressing the nation regarding the health and economic crisis facing the country. Watch live:If there ever was a moment that showed us the need for all people to be able to get health care regardless of their income, this is that moment. Medicare for All now.I'll be addressing the public from Burlington at 3 p.m. ET today regarding the health and economic crisis facing the country. Please tune in atWe need to join every other major country on Earth to guarantee paid leave to all people. And we should do it right now on an emergency basis.Our campaign continues to win the vast majority of the votes of younger people. In order to win in the future, you need to win the voters who represent the future of our country, and you must speak to the issues of concern to them. That is how you defeat Donald Trump."We cant have four more years of profits over people. We need Bernie, we need a movement. We do need a revolution. @SarahKSilvermanPeace means security not only for every Israeli, but also for every Palestinian. I'm proud to have the support of @IfNotNowOrg.The time is long overdue for us to legalize marijuana and expunge past marijuana convictions.Today some 87 million Americans remain uninsured or underinsured. The absurdity of our health care system is becoming more and more obvious as we face the challenge of the coronavirus. We need Medicare for All.I'm proud to have earned the support of @INAaction. Nurses and other frontline workers know that our health care system is broken, and it's more urgent than ever that we fix it.I look forward to debating Joe Biden on Sunday night.Together, we are going to build a nation based on justice and dignity for all. Join us live in Burlington for an update on our campaign:Ill be delivering a campaign update live from Burlington at 1 p.m. ET. Tune in atIf youre in line at the polls, stay in line!At a time when Democrats correctly attack Republicans for voter suppression, to see voters standing in long lines for hours in Michigan and around America is an outrage. Election officials must address these problems immediately, and if necessary, keep polling places open longer.My belief is that so many Native Americans are behind Bernie because he is so authentic and doesnt let big-money corporations influence him. @Ruth4NdIdaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota and WashingtonI am once again asking that you get out and vote today. Do it for our kids and grandkids who deserve a habitable planet. Find your polling place here:If we're going to avert climate catastrophe we must act boldly and we must act now. That is why we have the most comprehensive climate proposal of any candidate in history. Let's ensure we leave a livable, thriving planet for our kids and grandkids.Every worker in America should have guaranteed paid sick leave. This is already the case in every other major country on Earth.Bernie has a bold vision. Young people feel that sincerity, and I feel it, too. Bernie has got a vision, hes got an agenda, and Bernie has the skillset to get things done. Thank you Rep. @MarkTakano for your support!This is what it looks like when you put corporate greed ahead of saving lives.  We need Medicare for All.Bernie was fighting for me before I was even born, because thats his philosophyfight for somebody that you dont know. @halseyAre you willing to fight for someone else as much as you're willing to fight for yourself? That's how we build a nation based on justice, dignity and human rights for all. Vote today in Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota and Washington:I voted against disastrous trade deals like NAFTA and PNTR that cost millions of jobs. Joe Biden voted for them. Ours is the campaign that is strongest to defeat Trump.Today is primary day in: Idaho Michigan Mississippi Missouri North Dakota Washington Get out and vote! Lets win this together and transform the country. Find your polling place here:Making health care a right. Universal child care. Guaranteed paid leave. A livable planet. A homes guarantee. These are ideas that Joe Biden tells us are "pie in the sky." I don't think it's radical to say that in the richest country on Earth, our people should live in dignity.Policies that dont challenge the status quo right now are incredibly dangerous Bernie Sanders is not a risky candidate against Donald Trump. He is in fact the safest candidate. @NaomiAKleinEven a Fox News audience agrees that our progressive ideas are not radical. These are the ideas we need to bring to the general election to defeat Trump.I'm proud that during my time in the Senate, we have been able to win important fights for the working people of this country. We will carry on that fight inside the White House.With the spread of coronavirus, we have already seen people hit with massive medical bills, simply for doing the right thing by getting tested. Others may face massive bills for hospitalization, treatment and quarantine if they need it. This must end. We need Medicare for All.Rev. Jesse Jackson is a hero of mine. It's one of the honors of my life to have his support. Together, we will build the nation based on justice we know we can become.It's good news that Detroit is restoring water to thousands of households. But it shouldn't take a crisis like the spread of coronavirus to restore people's right to drinking water. We are going to guarantee the right to clean water for all Americans.Trump says he has a natural ability to handle a viral outbreak. That's outrageous. Our administration will listen to scientists. Live in Detroit for a roundtable with public health leaders on coronavirus and what we must do to address it:The way we transform America is by building a movement from the ground up to get people involved in the political process. That is what is happening in Chicago and all across the country. That is what the political revolution is about.Joe Biden thinks we should "return to normal." Normal means 87 million uninsured or underinsured. Normal means fossil fuel companies destroying the planet. Normal means the rich getting richer while the poor get poorer. We cannot return to normal. We need real change.We are the only major country not to guarantee paid sick leave. That is a public health issue. It is an economic issue. And it is a moral issue. We must finally guarantee paid sick leave to every worker in America.Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, or Washington, tomorrow is primary day and we need you to vote. Find your polling place at and remind your friends and family to vote!Voting for our progressive agenda, which the American people support, is not risky. Whats risky is nominating a candidate who supported the Iraq War, disastrous trade agreements like NAFTA, and the Wall Street bailout."He was consistent when he marched with King. He was consistent when he met me in Canton, Mississippi fighting for Nissan workers. He was consistent when he put forth a vision of what we must fight for. @ChokweALumumbaI thank the @WorkingFamilies for their support. Together, were going to build a multiracial, multigenerational grassroots movement to sweep Donald Trump out of the White House and transform this country so it works for all of us.We are capable of making sweeping change if we have the courage to do it.If you know people in Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, or Washington, use the BERN app to send them a reminder to vote Tuesday!Today has been a very moving day. Earlier we were with Rev. Jesse Jackson. Tonight we are with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. We are seeing the arc of justice that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. talked about.The major impediment to progress is not just a very powerful ruling class. The major impediment to progress is the limitations of our own imaginations.The only way we win is when millions of people together stand up for justice. Michigan, make sure your friends and neighbors vote this Tuesday! Live now from Ann Arbor with @aoc and @bernieatumich:Thank you @theaanews! Together, we will build a nation that is based on love and justice, not greed and hatred.Once a vaccine for coronavirus is developed, it should be free.Today is a special day for our campaign. Rev. Jesse Jackson is one of the most transformative figures in modern American history and a hero of mine. It is one of the honors of my life to have his support.Michigan, let's win this together on Tuesday! Make sure you know where your polling place is by checking here:Women in the America and across the world not only deserve full gender equality, but also racial justice, economic justice, social justice and environmental justice. Today and every day we must carry on that fight. #InternationalWomensDayI stand with Bernie Sanders today because he stood with me. I stand with him because he never lost his taste for justice with the people. I stand with him because he stands with you. Rev. Jesse JacksonIt is one of the honors of my life to be supported by Rev. Jesse Jackson, a hero to me who has put his life on the line for 50 years fighting for justice. Together, we can, we must and we will defeat the most dangerous president in the history of this country.The only way we will defeat Trump in November is by bringing in people who have given up on the the political process. We have the movement and agenda to do that. Live now from Grand Rapids with Rev. Jesse Jackson:Ann Arbor! Join me and @AOC at our rally tonight and help us show the billionaire class and corporate elite that our movement is ready to take them on. Doors open at 4:30 p.m.  RSVP here:The values that Bernie is preaching, the values that Bernie is advocating for coincide with the same values that Arab Americans are asking for." @AHammoudMIDo you believe in making health care a right to all people and ensuring a livable planet for all? So do millions of people across the country. Help us make sure they're voting:Tonight, I want to address the African American community and make clear my differences with Joe Biden. Join me live in Flint, Michigan.Joe Biden thinks our ideas are "pie in the sky." We are fighting to make health care a right like every other major country, to protect the planet, to ensure justice and dignity for all. That's not "pie in the sky." That's what Americans deserve.There has been no time in the history of this country when women, especially Black women, have had the reproductive freedom and justice that they deserve. In my administration, that will finally change. Read our plan here:We remember and honor the civil rights activists in Selma who marched for voting rights 55 years ago. Its disgraceful that voter suppression continues today, but we wont give up until the right to vote is protected for all.To our supporters all over the globe, you have until March 10 at midnight PT, to vote in the Democrats Abroad #GlobalPrimary. Learn how to register and cast your ballot here:My years here in Chicago significantly shaped my life. It is where I became involved in the civil rights movement, the labor movement and the peace movement. That is the struggle we carry on today. Live from Grant Park:Our system of mass incarceration is racist and must end. In Mississippi prisons there have been 24 deaths in 67 days, overcrowding, medical neglect and inhumane conditions. I stand with the incarcerated, their families and the MS Prison Reform Coalition. #MSPrisonReformNowRejoining the Paris Agreement isn't enough. Scientists say we must act immediately to end our dependence on fossil fuels and avoid climate catastrophe. Our Green New Deal, which will create 20 million jobs, is the only plan in this race bold enough to address this crisis..@RashidaTlaib's district in Michigan is the third-poorest in America. The bottom line: in the richest country on Earth, no one should struggle to get food or clean water or decent housing. Together we'll build a nation based on dignity for all.In 2007, Joe Biden appeared on Meet the Press to say that Social Security and Medicare cuts should be on the table." 8/8In 2007, NBC reported that as president, Joe Bidens Social Security plans "would include discussing options such as upping the retirement age. 7/8In 1996, Joe Biden floated the idea of reducing Social Security benefits through an early version of chained CPI. 6/8In the mid 1990s, Joe Biden was criticized by seniors groups for supporting balanced budget amendments that would cut Social Security. 5/8In 1995, I was on the House floor fighting the GOPs efforts to cut Social Security. 5 days later, Joe Biden gave a speech in the Senate bragging about his work with the GOP to try to freeze funding for Social Security. 4/8In 1984, Joe Biden first pushed to freeze funding for Social Security which would end up cutting Social Security benefits. 3/8In 1983, Biden pushed to raise the Social Security retirement age. 2/8Joe Biden claims in a new ad that he has always protected Social Security. Thats patently false. He cant hide 40 years of working with Republicans to cut Social Security. Here are the facts. 1/8Two years after Roe v. Wade was decided Joe Biden said: "I dont like the Supreme Court decision on abortion. I think it went too far. I dont think that a woman has the sole right to say what should happen to her body."To those who want to divide us: No, were not going to hate Muslims. No, were not going to hate Latinos. We are going to stand together. Live from Dearborn, Michigan:"Only one candidate for president has consistently opposed every disastrous trade deal. And that candidate is Bernie Sanders."In the richest country in the history of the world, it is an outrage that we do not guarantee paid leave for everyone. We cannot let the greed of corporations risk the public health of our community. I stand with gig workers who are demanding paid sick time.You cant change a corrupt system by taking its money. Our campaign is proudly by the working class and I will be a president for the working class. Live from Detroit with Rep. @RashidaTlaib, Dr. @CornelWest and more:The American people are sick and tired of endless wars in the Middle East which have cost hundreds of thousands of lives and trillions of dollars. We will not defeat Trump with a candidate like Joe Biden who supported and voted for the Iraq War alongside Republicans.Joe Biden voted for NAFTA. He voted for PNTR with China. That is not the kind of record that will defeat Trump. Join us live now from our roundtable in Detroit with workers affected by these disastrous trade agreements:Young people: this is your election. You have the chance to transform this country. Vote!The best way to increase turnout for our campaign is by reminding your friends to vote. If you know people in Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, or Washington, use the BERN app today and get them out to vote:.@JoeBiden must accept responsibility for his surrogate telling our campaign co-chair Senator @NinaTurner that she doesn't have standing to invoke the words of Dr. King. That is unacceptable and Joe must apologize to Nina and all the people of color supporting our campaign.This is the most important election of our lifetimes. We will not defeat Donald Trump in November with a candidate who has repeatedly advocated for cuts to Social Security.We are building a multigenerational, multiracial movement Black, white, Latino, Native American, Asian American all coming together and demanding an economy that works for all, not just a few. Get involved today:As someone whose family was wiped out by Hitler and as an American, to have in this country somebody bringing forth the most detestable symbol in modern history is unspeakable.On many difficult votes, whether it was Iraq, whether it was DOMA, whether it was Dont Ask Don't Tell, I was on the right side of history, and Joe Biden was not.We cant measure societys health on GDP alone or how well the richest among us are doing. The true health of a society has to be measured by how well we take care of the least fortunate among us. @MikePosnerI'm speaking to the media before heading to Michigan for a big rally in Detroit. Join us live:While Americans continue to pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, the top 10 health cares CEOs made over $300 million in compensation last year. Outrageous. We will end the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and pass Medicare for All.We are painfully aware of the intense crisis we are in and use our voice to hold truth to power. That is exactly what Bernies entire campaign is about.It would make the private insurance companies very, very angry if you retweeted this.I'm honored to have the support of @CommonDefense. I've proudly stood with veterans my entire career, including serving as chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee. We must end our endless wars and take care of the veterans who have served our country.Workers should never have to choose between feeding their families and paying for their health insurance. I'm proud to stand with the members of @Teamsters Local 337 who are on strike, and call on Sygma to stop intimidating workers.We have 8.7 million contributions from nearly 2 million people. We don't host fancy fundraisers or have a super PAC. This campaign is funded differently because we're on the side of working people.What the billionaire class and corporate elite want you to think is that we simply can't win. Do not enter that world of despair. If we stand together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.