I recently had a chance to check out some of the latest devices and experiences in augmented reality. It was a lot of fun to see how far the hardware has come.Solving for Zero is an excellent overview of the complex challenge of climate change and an inspiring look at some of the most promising solutions. Im glad I got to be a part of it and encourage you to take a look:The latest #ClimateReport is an important reminder of the work ahead. Im especially encouraged by the focus on the breakthroughs we need to avoid a climate disaster. (The word innovation appears 4,989 times!)No one was a better or more tireless advocate for improving global health than Paul.Bed nets might be simple tools, but theyre one of the best weapons against malaria.Theres a lot to learn from poop:Bono is humanitys rock star and Im fortunate to call him my friend. Congratulations on this well-deserved recognition.Wild polio virus returning to Malawi reminds us that strong health systems are critical for ending disease, stopping re-emergence of diseases we thought were gone, and preventing new diseases from spreading:Young people are right its not too late to avoid a climate disaster:What a lovely bake, Ruby. You deserve a Paul Hollywood handshake for that one!I have enough nostalgia to go around. John Roach was a true pioneer of the industry, and Im grateful to have known him.Changing mindsets is never easy, but Sudha Varghese empowers girls to believe in themselves and see their potential for greatness:In February 2020, we had a degree of optimism that the world was better prepared to respond to COVID-19. Two years later, we gathered to discuss lessons learned that might help us prevent the next pandemic.A world without tuberculosis is attainable if we deliver effective diagnostics & treatment to all who need it. Fully funding The Global Fund will get us on track to end TB and save 20 million more lives.Madeleine Albright made history in so many ways during her lifetime, including as the first female Secretary of State. Today the world lost an advocate for peace and a visionary who believed in our common humanity.Every day Im reminded of how my dads wisdom, generosity, and compassion lives on in the many people he influenced and inspired around the world:Sudha Varghese runs a school in Bihar, India that teaches students how to stand up for themselves and see their own potential for greatness.Shumaila Rehamani is a polio vaccinator in Pakistan. She talks with families and community leaders to answer all their questions about the importance of vaccination. She makes sure every child in her community is protected from this disease.Mamello Makhele is a nurse-midwife working to improve health care for women in rural Lesotho, where there are high rates of maternal mortality. Thanks to her incredible work, many women are healthier today in Lesotho.Brooke Brown, the 2021 Washington State Teacher of the Year, helps high school seniors explore their identity. She is a phenomenal teacher and was kind enough to show me one of her favorite lessons to teach.Kakenya Ntaiya founded @KakenyasDream to enable girls education and end harmful traditional practices like child marriage. Her story is a powerful example of how one persons act of bravery can spark dramatic change.I've been lucky to meet and learn from so many changemakers. These incredible women continue to inspire me.One of the most significant ways my dads spirit continues is through the @Gates_Cambridge Scholarship. Of all the grants he was involved in at our foundation, this one was always his favorite.By acting now and funding organizations like @CEPIvaccines, we can help ensure the world never again experiences the hardship of a pandemic. Im encouraged by the new commitments to groundbreaking R&D made at the Global Pandemic Preparedness Summit.In a crisis, we can always look for the helpersthe people who are putting their lives on the line to aid refugees and victims of the invasionand support them. Im proud to support the UNs refugee agency and urge the global community to do the same.Its gut-wrenching to see the people of Ukraine suffering so much. The world feels especially heavy right now, with each day bringing news of families torn apart in Afghanistan, Ukraine, and so many other places.Im optimistic about our ability to prevent the next pandemic. We have learned so much from COVID, and the innovations have been tremendous.The Global Fund is one of the best investments in global health. Fully funding its programs for the next 3 years is critical to ending HIV, TB, and malaria while helping ensure COVID-19 is the last pandemic.At the end of the day, Pauls most lasting impact can be found in the patients he loved so dearlyall of the people who are alive today because he dedicated his life to helping them.His work will continue through Partners in Health, the incredible organization he co-founded. It is a phenomenal legacy.Paul was never happier than when he was caring for patients in one of the clinics he helped create. My heart goes out to his family and friends, his colleagues, and all the people whose lives he touched.What a devastating loss. Paul is a hero, and I was fortunate to call him a friend. I have never known anyone who was more passionate about reducing the worlds worst inequities in healthor who did more to live by his values.It has been over a year since wild polio paralyzed a child in Pakistan, presenting an incredible opportunity to stop this disease for good. I traveled to Pakistan to learn from their polio program leaders.Thank you @ImranKhanPTI for the productive discussions on the steps being taken in Pakistan to eliminate polio. Im encouraged by the countrys commitment to eradication and am optimistic that if everyone remains vigilant, we can #endpolio.Im hopeful that the world can come together to end this pandemic and prevent the next one. Thanks Dax Shepard, Monica Padman, and @davidfarrier for the great conversation.The goal of no more pandemics ever is ambitious, but the progress weve made over the last two years has already set us on a path to success:Im more optimistic than ever that we can one day stop Alzheimers because of research like this.I believe that COVID-19 can be the last pandemic. How to Prevent the Next Pandemic will explain why.Science fiction can help expand our understanding by pushing the limits of what is possible.The Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation @IHME_UW found that improving trust could make a critical difference when it comes to ending this pandemic and preventing the next one.Significant climate progress is possible in 2022 if we commit to bold action. With the support of our growing community of @Breakthrough Energy partners, we can accelerate the commercialization of the critical climate technologies we need to spark the green industrial revolution.The London Declaration on NTDs helped dozens of countries eliminate diseases & reach hundreds of millions more people with treatments. On #WorldNTDDay I welcome the Kigali Declaration to build on this success through strong country leadership.Strengthening health systems is critical to preventing future pandemics. @exemplarshealth shows how countries like Senegal and India are building resilient health infrastructures.Weve built an incredible organization in the @gatesfoundation over two decades and Im excited about the next chapter in our history. Our new board members will help us build a world where every person has an opportunity to lead a healthy, productive lifeKakenya Ntaiya bravely defied local traditions to make a different plan for her future and her community. In a society where young girls lives are often decided for them, she founded @KakenyasDream to educate girls and end practices like child marriage:One persons act of bravery can spark dramatic change in hundreds of lives. @KakenyaNs story is a powerful example.This is an important reminder from @rajpanjabi. The world should not have to choose between saving lives from COVID-19 and saving lives from malaria. Its possible to do both.I wholeheartedly agree with Larry's view that all companies need to be actively preparing for their net zero transition - shareholders, employees, customers, communities, and regulators expect it.European Commissioner @SKyriakidesEU and I discussed the importance of multilateral partnerships like @CEPIvaccines in ending this pandemic and preventing another.To have any hope of reaching net zero and halting the progress of climate change, we need deep and comprehensive collaboration between the public and private sectors worldwide. I was encouraged by todays discussions about how to accelerate innovation.The omicron surge is an unfortunate reminder that the only way to eliminate the threat of COVID-19 somewhere is to eliminate it everywhere. Thats why @gatesfoundation is joining @wellcometrust to renew our investment in @CEPIvaccines.Genomic sequencing is a critical tool that will help us fight COVID-19 and prevent the next pandemic.The fight to eradicate HIV is far from over, but incredible progress has been made through scientific innovation, activism, and collective global action. These lessons provide a path forward with COVID-19 and hope for preventing the next pandemic.ICYMI heres a recap of my conversation with @devisridhar. We chatted about this pandemic, how to prevent the next one, and a few things in between.Thanks @devisridhar for taking the time today to discuss omicron, vaccines, and how the world can come together to prevent the next pandemic.@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov @trvrb .@DrTedros has started the conversation about how we avoid the next pandemic which is important. I appreciate your work on this. We can do a lot better next time!!#@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov A more transmissive variant is not likely but we have been surprised a lot during this pandemic. Omicron will create a lot of immunity at least for the next year. @trvrb tracks the genetics really well. We may have to take yearly shots for Covid for some time.@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov As countries experience their Omicron wave health systems will be challenged. Most of the severe cases will be unvaccinated people. Once Omicron goes through a country then the rest of the year should see far fewer cases so Covid can be treated more like seasonal flu.@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov The data is pretty strong that it came from another species which is true for most pandemics. People will continue to speculate on this and we should make sure labs are careful. There will be future outbreaks coming from other species so we need to invest in being ready. #@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov I am optimistic about polio eradication - we are close. Malaria, HIV, Nutrition, will take a lot longer but better tools are coming. Education also needs innovation - it is behind where global health is particularly for girls.#@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov From 2000 to the start of the pandemic we made strong progress on health and other goals. The pandemic is a huge setback - including rich countries not focusing on the needs of developing countries as much. I hope we can reverse that.@devisridhar @gavi @WHO @CDCgov People like you and I and Tony Fauci have been subject to a lot of misinformation. I didn't expect that. Some of it like me putting chips in arms doesn't make sense to me - why would I want to do that?#@devisridhar @gavi Trusted authorities like @WHO and @CDCgov need more resources to see the pandemic early (surveillance) and to communicate better. Social media got behind on trying to get factual information out - there will be a lot of debate about how to do better on that...@devisridhar @gavi Do you think the world will come together to get ready for the next one? I hope so but I am not sure.#@devisridhar @gavi Also some countries did a better job of reducing mobility, using masks and protecting the elderly. We weren't prepared - no practice in advance.#@devisridhar @gavi A few countries like Australia moved fast to diagnose cases at scale and isolate people who were infected. They were able to limit deaths dramatically. Once the numbers get large in a country it is too late. So the first few months made a lot of difference.@devisridhar When we have adequate supply then tiered pricing is used where the rich countries pay a lot more than middle income and low income pay the least which is funded by @gavi. When supply is limited rich countries have to not outbid the others so governments are key to this. #@devisridhar mRna vaccines still can't meet all the demand so figuring out who gets what is complicated.#@devisridhar During 2021 the supply of vaccines was limited and they mostly went to wealthy countries. Now we have a lot of supply overall and the problems are logistics and demand. The health systems in developing countries are a limiting factor.@devisridhar The vaccines we have prevent severe disease and death very well but they are missing two key things. First they still allow infections ("breakthrough") and the duration appears to be limited. We need vaccines that prevent re-infection and have many years of duration.#I'm excited to talk with @DeviSridhar today about her work at the University of Edinburgh Medical School and @GlobalHealthGP, and to answer some of your questions about what weve been learning recently about the pandemic. #Through my foundation work I'm very lucky to have the opportunity to talk toand learn fromexperts in many different fields. Many of my conversations recently have been about the omicron variant and how to prevent the next pandemic.Understanding how the connections in our brains give rise to consciousness and our ability to learn may help lead to great breakthroughs in the way we solve the worlds hardest problems. This is one of the most fascinating books I read this year..@WalterIsaacson is one of my favorite authors. I was eager to read his latest book about CRISPR and its inventor Jennifer Doudna:Heroes like @PumlaNtlabati are spreading important information, and hope, across South Africa with the help of an unusual and innovative tool:We have some, but not all, of the tools we need to hit our target of limiting global warming to less than 2 degrees. We need to prioritize closing that gap if were going to avoid a climate disaster:The world has lost a hero. Archbishop Desmond Tutu led with his values, empathy and optimism. He put everyone he met at ease with his incredible laugh and energy. He inspired me with his sense of purpose to build peace out of the struggle of oppression. I will miss him greatly.One of my favorite holiday traditions is sharing books with family and friends. Here are 5 books I loved reading this year:Mamello Makhele is a hero from Lesotho who traveled by foot and donkey to bring health services to women in need during the pandemic. Her story is nothing short of inspiring:I know its frustrating to go into another holiday season with COVID looming over us. But it wont be like this forever. Someday the pandemic will end, and the better we look after each other, the sooner that time will come.If theres good news here, its that omicron moves so quickly that once it becomes dominant in a country, the wave there should last less than 3 months. Those few months could be bad, but I still believe if we take the right steps, the pandemic can be over in 2022.There will be more breakthrough cases in people who are vxd, which sounds concerning but is purely a factor of how many people are vxd and how fast this variant is spreading. Vaccines are designed to prevent people from getting seriously ill or dying & are doing that well.In the meantime, we all have to look out for each other, especially the most vulnerable, whether they live down the street or in another country. That means wearing masks, avoiding big indoor gatherings, and getting vaccinated. Getting a booster gives the best protection.The big unknown is how sick omicron makes you. We need to take it seriously until we know more about it. Even if its only half as severe as delta, it will be the worst surge we have seen so far because its so infectious.Omicron is spreading faster than any virus in history. It will soon be in every country in the world.Just when it seemed like life would return to normal, we could be entering the worst part of the pandemic. Omicron will hit home for all of us. Close friends of mine now have it, and Ive canceled most of my holiday plans.In Tanzania, health workers and community members are serving as disease detectives with a new app called Afyadata:I spoke to Prime Minister @Kishida230 about his new global health strategy and Japans commitment to the worlds poorest people. Im encouraged to see this pledge and Japans recent leadership of the @WBG_IDA and Nutrition for Growth summits.The Omicron variant is concerning, but the world is better prepared to tackle potentially bad variants than at any other point in the pandemic. Heres why Im still hopeful the end of the COVID-19 pandemic is finally in sight:Great to meet with @MohamedbinZayed again to recognize Nigers progress in the fight against neglected tropical diseases. His commitment to this fight, to polio eradication and to disease elimination at large will help save millions of lives.This order signed by President Biden signals a strong commitment to deploying the solutions we need to get to net-zero and avoid a climate disaster.2021 was an incredibly hard year for many people, including me, but there are reasons to be optimistic that 2022 will be better:Better nutrition can lead to shifts in health and productivityboosting prosperity for families, communities, and economies. At the N4G2021 in Tokyo, I announced our support for @UNICEFs nutrition fund to ensure tools to combat malnutrition are available to those in need.2021 has been a year of big transitions for me, but it hasnt changed why I love the work I do. Here are four things Im thinking about heading into next year.The groundbreaking RTS,S vaccine will help save tens of thousands of children and is paving the way for a new pipeline of tools to #EndMalaria.Robots will play a huge part in our future, and fiction like Kazuo Ishiguro's Klara and the Sun is a great way to explore what that might mean.Accelerating long-duration energy storage innovation can significantly reduce annual CO2 emissions and lay the foundation for a net-zero economy by 2050.The @gatesfoundation is supporting GIISER which is working to increase the in-country capacity for rapid evaluation of variants on the African continent. This will help us better understand variants of concern and how the current vaccines may perform.South Africa did the right thing by reporting these cases. They have invested heavily in R&D including genomic sequencing capabilities which have made it possible to quickly identify variants, like Omicron, and help the world respond appropriately.Experts like Trevor Bedford have done an excellent job explaining what scientists have learned so far about the new variant of concern known as Omicron.I made this video a few months ago to help explain what happens when a virus mutates. You can read more about the ways in which new variants are (and arent) complicating the pandemic here:I usually read a lot of non-fiction books, but lately Ive found myself drawn back to the kinds of novels I wouldve loved as a kid. These were some of my favorites this year:  Which do you like better?Theres lots of speculation about what Shakespeares life was really like, but we do know that his son died at age 11. Hamnet shares the story of how grief tore the Shakespeare family apart.When I was a kid, I was obsessed with science fiction. But @andyweirauthors latest book Project Hail Mary is a fun read even if you arent a sci-fi fan. I finished the whole thing in one weekend.I read a lot of great books this year. These were some of my favorites.I really enjoyed reading these five books this year, and I think you will too:Its hard to believe that its been 50 years since the 4004 kickstarted the PC era. I still remember reading about its release with Paul and dreaming about how the world's first microprocessor might shape the future.About 3.6 billion peoplenearly half of the worlds populationlack toilets or use unsafe sanitation. This #WorldToiletDay, Im optimistic this sanitation crisis can be solved.2021 saw incredible innovation in health and climate. I am excited about many of these advancements and look forward to seeing whats next.I love the message in @JohnDoerrs new book that in order to eliminate the Green Premiums, we need to make a scalable plan now:The bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act is an important step on Americas path to achieving net-zero emissions. But the job is not done. Congress should also pass the Build Back Better Act to help accelerate development of the climate solutions we need.Data sharing and global collaboration move us closer to new #Alzheimers diagnostics, treatments, and cures. Im optimistic about what lies ahead:We still have a lot of work to do, but the conversation I heard at the #COP26 climate summit left me feeling optimistic that we can avoid a climate disaster:Data on student outcomes can help institutional leaders and policymakers better understand the economic value that colleges deliver to students. This new tool makes that data publicly availablea critical step toward a more equitable higher ed system.Poverty and the worlds top global health problems are closely connected. By improving one, we can make progress towards fixing the other:The effects of climate change are affecting many aspects of our lives. By working to minimize its effects, we are also working to improve global health. However, ending malaria needs to (and should) happen faster:Nobody can be an expert in all things at once. To end malariaor any diseaseleaders from around the world need to collaborate to make sustainable progress:I recently had the chance to meet 36 incredible graduate students working to #endmalaria. Here are some of my favorite questions they asked.To tackle the biggest global health challenges, all countries must have access to vaccines and other health innovations. This $150M commitment from the foundation and @sida will help low- and middle-income countries get the essential supplies they need.I recently met with 36 remarkable graduate students who made me more optimistic than ever that we can #EndMalaria.Many thanks to @YoYo_Ma for helping us spotlight the Grand Challenges in Global Health - and for this beautiful performance with the @gatesfoundation's own Chris Karp. Its always fun to find out your colleague has a hidden talent.Setting concrete goals is a critical first step to solving any problem. Im impressed by @JohnDoerrs approach to identifying the objectives and key results needed to track our progress on climate.COVID-19 will not be the last pandemic threat the world faces. I spoke to the #GrandChallenges community about the ambitious innovation agenda we need to end this crisis and be ready to respond to the next.Getting to zero carbon emissions isnt optional. After #COP26, I am optimistic that we can meet the challenge.Im proud that @Breakthrough Energy is a part of the First Movers Coalition. Our efforts with @wef, @ClimateEnvoy, and other partners will help to scale the clean technologies that will become the foundation of our net-zero future.Demand for syringes has skyrocketed to deliver the COVID-19 vaccines. Increasing production of auto-disable syringes will help ensure low- and middle-income countries have the tools they need to deliver routine and COVID vaccines.Im grateful for the leadership of our @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst public and private sector partners. By taking coordinated, courageous climate action, we can lower Green Premiums and deploy the clean technologies that will help us reach net zero.Getting to zero emissions will be the hardest thing people have ever done. This was a great conversation about the power of innovation and what the world can accomplish if we work together.I was truly inspired to hear @Vinisha27738476 speak at #COP26 this week. Her optimism and passion for innovation makes me hopeful that we can avoid a climate disaster.Thank you, @SecGranholm for your leadership. The commitment of @ENERGY and the innovate spirit of our National Labs will drive the breakthroughs we need to help the whole world get to #NetZero.Public-private collaborations will be critical to reducing emissions and achieving our 2050 climate goals. Our work with @MICleanEnergyRD will help us do just that.Im excited about @Breakthrough Energys expanded work with @MICleanEnergyRD. Thank you, @JonathanWNV for your partnership.Thank you, @KensingtonRoyal for your commitment to repairing our planet. It was inspiring to see the ingenuity and innovation of the @EarthshotPrize finalists.Great to see @naftalibennetts commitment alongside global leaders present @COP26 today. The world needs bold action to support the development of new technology to slow emissions and help the world adapt to the changing climate..@Breakthrough Energy Catalyst is bringing together private and public sector leaders to invest in innovation and accelerate clean technologies. @Citi, @IKEAFoundation, and @StateFarm are joining our efforts to help fund solutions that will ignite a green industrial revolution.Unless smallholder farmers can adapt to climate change, we will lose the global battle against hunger and poverty. @AIMforClimate is rising to the challenge and supporting major investments in @CGIAR to power agricultural innovation.Thank you, @vonderleyen. This $1B partnership between @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst, @EU_Commission, and @EIB will help accelerate the deployment of critical climate technologies. Im grateful for our continued collaboration.Encouraged to discuss with PM @narendramodi on the sidelines of #COP26 the potential of further investments in science, innovation and transformative agriculture R&D as an important foundation for mitigating impact of climate change on small landowning farmers @PMOIndia @nstomar.One of my top priorities here at #COP26 is making sure that the world prioritizes scaling clean technology innovation. Here is the message I delivered to world leaders earlier today:In addition to investments in reducing emissions to slow climate change, we need to help those already impacted by climate change adapt.By bringing the world together at #COP26, we can find more ways to accelerate the development and adoption of the clean technologies we need to reach net-zero emissions.At this years UN Climate Conference, innovation will take center stage and Im optimistic about the road ahead.I hope Congress passes the Build Back Better Act and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act fast. We cant wait another moment.Good to see this commitment by @Merck to help ensure from the outset that molnupiravir, a potential treatment for COVID-19, will be available to many more nations.To avoid a climate disaster, we need young peoples ideas and energy. College and university students anywhere in the world can download my book for free:Its great to see the strong commitment of partners like @MohamedBinZayed and the dedication on the front line to eradicate polio. On #WorldPolioDay we recognize progress and acknowledge that the fight continues.This week, any college or university student anywhere in the world can download my book How to Avoid a Climate Disaster for free.This #WorldPolioDay you can support Shumaila and other polio workers by donating to @Rotarys fight against polio. Our foundation is giving a 2-to-1 match to every donation. Learn more:The world needs heroes like Shumaila Rehmani. Im inspired by the impact shes making in her community to save lives and help #EndPolio.Ive been binging geography videos lately. I liked this one where Geography King explains several really fascinating quirks of US geography (including why it doesnt actually rain as much as people think in my hometown).India has administered 1 billion vaccine doses, a testament to Indias innovation, ability to manufacture at scale, and the efforts of millions of health workers backed by CoWIN. Congratulations @narendramodi @mansukhmandviya @PMOIndia @MoHFW_IndiaThe world is so close to ending polio thanks to heroes like Shumaila Rehmani: #WorldPolioDayOur funding is only part of the solution. More donors will need to step up to make sure molnupiravir is available to all as quickly as possible.Everyone deserves equitable access to healthcare. Thats why we engaged partners like @MedsForAll and @OfficialUoM to find more affordable, safe materials that generic manufacturers can use to produce medicines at a lower cost.Weve done this before. In 2017, the @gatesfoundation worked with partners and generic suppliers to bring improved HIV therapies to more than 18 million people in lower-income countries.If were going to end the acute phase of the pandemic, life-saving drugs like molnupiravir must be available to everyone who needs them.By investing in direct air capture, clean hydrogen, long-duration energy storage, and sustainable aviation fuel, well create a new industrial revolution that will power the global clean energy economy:Earlier today I attended the #GlobalInvestmentSummit where we announced @Breakthrough Energy Catalysts latest partnership to accelerate climate technologies. Thanks to the UK government & @10DowningStreet for taking bold action.Im grateful to have joined @BorisJohnson today to highlight the important work that @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst is doing to accelerate clean technologies. Our partnership with the UK will be critical to building the net-zero economy.Jenn and Nayel, its impossible to put into words how happy it makes me to see you filled with joy on your wedding day. Im so proud of you both for everything youve accomplished in your lives so far and everything you will do with your future together.Reaching net zero will take bold action and creativity, and the first cohort of @Breakthrough Energy Fellows makes me optimistic that we can propel a new industrial revolution.I wrote about two ways to achieve vaccine equity in the future. If the world makes the right investments and decisions now, we can make things better next time. And maybe even make sure there is no next time at all.Still, the disparities in access to the COVID-19 vaccine are shocking and unjust. Only 2 percent of people in low-income countries have received any COVID-19 vaccines. And the gap may be getting even larger as rich-world governments buy up extra doses to serve as booster shots.Inequity in health is not new. Each year, more than 5 million childrenalmost entirely in low- and middle-income countriesdie before their fifth birthday from mostly preventable diseases. Reducing this gap has been the Gates Foundations top priority for more than 20 years.The pandemic has worsened inequities. But it's also shown the world what's possible when we come together. Read why there's reason to be optimistic in our 2021 Goalkeepers Report.This work has been critical to our understanding of the causes and impacts of climate change. Congratulations on this well-deserved recognition.What a fantastic leader Dr. Collins has been. The U.S. is lucky to have amazing scientists and public health professionals like him. He leaves an incredible legacy.Thanks, as always, @zannymb for the thoughtful conversation. I look forward to continuing to talk with business leaders, governments, and activists at #COP26 about how we can work together to avoid a climate disaster.Stephanie and Victoria had no plans to go to college until they met Valerie from @AdvisingCorps. This organization helped them realize their dreams:No one person can solve climate change on their own. However, if we make breakthroughs in zero-carbon innovations, we can avoid a climate disaster together. Thanks to @Kurz_Gesagt for creating this informative video.Happy Birthday, President Carter. You set a great example for all of us, and I am always inspired by your amazing work.The College @AdvisingCorps is helping students navigate the challenges of continuing their education after high school.Girin Beeharry was an extraordinary leader and good friend. Im saddened by his death and inspired by his work to improve lives in India and around the world.Im excited about the launch of @CipherClimate by Breakthrough Energy. The first issue includes an important discussion with U.S. Energy Secretary @SecGranholm and new data showing record amounts of cleantech investment.Congratulations @trvrb on this well-deserved recognition. Like you, Im optimistic that we will be able to bring this pandemic to an end. Your work with the @seattleflustudy and many others will also help us to better prepare for future pandemics.Congratulations @narendramodi on the national launch of Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission. This digital health infrastructure will help ensure equitable, accessible healthcare delivery and accelerate progress on Indias health goals. @PMOIndia @MoHFW_INDIAWhat if your smart phone could detect Alzheimers? @TheADDF's Diagnostics Accelerator is working to make this a reality:India is a great example of a country that has invested in its capacity. Today 2/3rds of all the world's children receive a vaccine that was made in India:Expanding the geography of vaccine manufacturing to better meet vaccine needs, both for pandemics and routine immunization, is a critical task.Thanks for having me on the show, @JKCorden! And thanks to the all of the late night hosts for focusing on this critical challenge. Im optimistic that we can come together to avoid a climate disaster.In our recent Goalkeepers report, we share some of the lessons that weve learned from the worlds response to the COVID-19 pandemic:Thanks for the conversation and for your leadership in helping to end this pandemic and prevent the next one.More than 80% of COVID-19 vaccines have been administered in high- and upper-middle-income countries while less than 1% have been administered in low-income countries. This is both profoundly unfair and hinders progress towards ending the pandemic:A global response will help the world end the COVID crisis. I'm glad to see so many leaders coming together at this U.S.-led virtual Global COVID-19 summit, and look forward to their continued efforts to help the world move out of the acute phase of this pandemic.Earlier I shared three actions that leaders could take to help the world out of the pandemic. For those who want to go deeper, the @gatesfoundation shares more detail on whats needed to end this crisis:If we want to stop Alzheimers disease, one of the biggest things we need to develop is a reliable, affordable, and accessible diagnostic. Breakthroughs in testing may someday soon let us substantially alter the course of the disease: #WorldAlzheimersDayThere are three things that can be done in the coming months to bring an end to the acute phase of the pandemic and set the world on a different timeline in preparation for the next.#WorldAlzheimersDay is an inspiring reminder that hope is on the horizon. Brilliant scientists all over the world are working hard to stop Alzheimers diseaseand theyre making terrific progress.Avoiding a climate disaster will require a new industrial revolution. I'm excited to see @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst announce the first private sector anchor partners who will work together to build the clean industries of the future.As weve seen this past year, new variants of a disease can emerge over time. In order to develop new tools to fight the disease, we need to identify those variants quickly. Dr. Senjuti Saha is one expert working to sequence SARS-CoV-2:But the fact that we can point to positive signs amid a once-in-a-generation global pandemic is extraordinary. With one hand tied behind their backs, countless individuals, organizations, and countries went above and beyond.Of course, the full extent of the pandemics impact on the SDGs will take years to fully understand, as more and better data becomes available. And this data doesnt diminish the very real suffering the pandemic has caused for people everywherefar from it.Initial projections about the pandemics impact on the fight against malaria were dire. But that projection spurred many countries to action to ensure that bed nets were distributed and that testing and antimalarial drugs remained available.When the pandemic hit, many feared the worst when it came to maintaining progress on fighting other diseases. But all over the world people stepped up to avert the worst-case scenarios. One example is malaria:Where you live shouldnt determine whether or not you have access to a Covid-19 vaccine, health supplies, or a diagnostic test:Even amid the devastation of the COVID-19 pandemic, weve seen that progress can continue thanks to work started years earlier. In this years #Goalkeepers2030 report, we share some of the lessons that have inspired all of us at the @gatesfoundation.This news is not surprising to many of us who work in global health. But there are things the world can do to help get management of these diseases back on track. Im eager to share more in the annual Goalkeepers report tomorrow. #Goalkeepers2030Im thinking today about the frontline heroes who risked their lives for us on September 11th and those who continue to serve our country every day.How do we use technology and innovation to solve todays problems? Thats the question David Sengeh, Sierra Leones chief innovation officer and education minister, is looking to answer with the countrys National Innovation and Digital Strategy:The world needs many breakthroughs to get from 51 billion tons of greenhouse gases to zero in order to avoid a climate disaster. Its encouraging to see this kind of collaboration.I found the book to be valuable on a number of levels and will have more to say about it soon!The first time I met David Sengeh, I was blown away by his intellect, his ambition, and his sense of humor. He has been a remarkable advocate for Sierra Leone, and Im confident that well be hearing about @dsengehs amazing work for decades to come.Africa's success against wild polio last year is one of the most inspiring stories in global health. Im optimistic that, with the commitment and collaboration that achieved that goal, countries in the region can beat all forms of the virus and #EndPolioNone of us would be where we are today without the incredible teachers who helped shape our perspectives. Brooke Brown is an extraordinary teacher who has helped her students adapt to extraordinary times..@GAP_Foundations Bio-Hermes Study is the first to compare results of blood and digital biomarker tests with imaging and traditional cognitive tests. This could help identify Alzheimers earlier and detect progression of the disease, to help us get closer to a cure.I recently sat down with the extraordinary Brooke Brown, Washington States 2021 Teacher of the Year. It was a pleasure to meet with her and take part in one of her favorite lessons:Happy Birthday, Warren! Youve been a true friend and an invaluable source of advice over the years, and Im so lucky to know you. Its an honor to work at the foundation doing my best to turn your generosity into lives saved and improved. Heres to many more birthdays!Investments in malaria programs help build stronger health systems that will not only bring an end to malaria but also protect us from the next pandemic. Heres how: #MosquitoWeekCongratulations, India, on reaching this tremendous milestone. The collective efforts of the government, R&D community, vaccine manufacturers, and millions of health workers have made this feat possible. @PMOIndia @MoHFW_INDIAThe COVID-19 pandemic reminds us why eradicating malaria is essential. Many of the building blocks we need to fight malaria and prevent the next pandemic are the same. #MosquitoWeekMosquitoes are the deadliest animal to humans, but @WMPglobal scientists have discovered how to transform one kind of mosquito into a surprisingly powerful ally: #MosquitoWeekI dont think any of @ronnychiengs innovations are ready to bring to market. Luckily, brilliant scientists and engineers around the world have developed hundreds of exciting solutions that will prevent illness and death:I applaud David Vlez and Mariel Reyess pledge to dedicate the majority of their wealth to creating opportunity for the most vulnerable Latin American children and young adults:Thank you to @DonorsChoose, and to all 40,255 of you who donated in support of students and teachers across the country.This collaborations impact is made possible through investments in the bipartisan infrastructure bill, which will unleash billions in private capital for clean energy projects throughout the U.S. if passed into law. Thank you @SecGranholm for your partnership.Avoiding a climate disaster will require a new, clean industrial revolution, and we don't have time to wait. Our work together will not only send us on a more viable path to net zero, but it will create long-term jobs in communities across the country.I'm incredibly excited about the new collaboration between @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst and @ENERGY to accelerate the adoption of next-generation clean technologies and build the net-zero economy:Im partnering with @DonorsChoose to make sure that more teachers have access to everything they need to get ready for the new school year. Ill give your donation an extra 50% boost today when you give to any classroom project or supply request.Im optimistic about the work that @Breakthrough is doing to invest in companies, support innovators, advocate for better policies, and lower the cost of climate tech. Join us.Reaching zero will take a complete transformation of how we make and do everything from the technologies and products we create to our public policies to the way we use markets to accelerate change. We need a new industrial revolution powered by clean technology.Every climate action we take must be toward the goal of reaching zero. That means rapidly deploying the technologies we have today to reduce emissions and investing immediately in the solutions we still need to get the world to zero.Avoiding a disaster will require courage, ambition, and partnership among leaders in every sector around the globe. As the report makes clear, no region will be spared by climate change. It will take all of us to meet this challenge.Todays United Nations climate report is an urgent call to action for the world: we must reach net-zero emissions by 2050 to avoid a climate disaster.Alzheimers and related dementias have impacted far too many families around the worldincluding my own. New funding from @TheADDF will help @EDoNInitiative accelerate data collection and sharing to enable early detection and treatment.Todays students have the power to create a better future for all people, and teachers are helping them build their framework for understanding the world. Thank you to Bryan Stevenson for joining the @OERProject Conference for Social Studies this week.Im deeply saddened to hear of Tachis passing. I loved working with him and I learned a lot from him. His passion for saving lives and making the world a fairer place was inspiring, and he matched it with an incredible intellect. I will miss him.Vaclav Smils books are amazing. His latest will give you a framework to think about humanity:I enjoyed joining educators from around the world at the @OERProject Conference for the Social Studies to discuss how their teaching practices have changed over the last year and a half. Im inspired by their resilience and dedication to their students:It only took Senegal 15 years to cut childhood death in half. Community health workers and successful vaccination campaigns played a key role in this success. Read more from @Exemplarshealth and see how lessons from Senegal can be applied elsewhere.The French drank an impressive amount of wine in 1926, but their consumption is now a third of what it was back then. Why? I love how this book forces you to think about the story behind a seemingly niche statistic.My favorite authors new book might be his best one yet. Each chapter covers one of 71 facts about the world that help you understand how history ties together. I unabashedly recommend it to anyone who loves learning.Our foundation has been working to address this massive problem for 10 yearsheres one of the incredible Reinvent the Toilet designs that could help:Ever heard a toilet be compared to an espresso machine? Thats how Dr. Shannon Yee describes the toilet he and his team have developed.How much of the world population still lacks access to a toilet that safely removes waste from the home? Find the answer here:This map from @OurWorldInData shows the progress weve madebut also highlights how much work we have left to do.The COVID pandemic is a powerful reminder of the urgent work needed to contain and treat deadly pathogens. Im optimistic about the progress being made on another crisis: safe sanitation:You were a good sport, Jimmy. Pro tip...never choose glass #2 in a poop-water challenge:The Gates Foundation is providing additional, flexible funding to the @AfricaCDC for its pandemic response efforts, but more assistance from the global community is urgently needed to fill the gaps.Over the years, Ive shared a stage with a jar of human feces, smelled pit latrine odor, and drunk water made from poop (and convinced @jimmyfallon to drink it too). Was it worth it? You bet. Heres why:Ive been rewatching some of my favorite movies. Add your favorites to the list on @Likewise.Getting an early start on my weekend reading: this article does a good job explaining immunity and what may happen with COVID-19 in the future.During the height of the U.S. polio epidemic, the iron lung was one of the greatest tools used to fight polio. Today, its the iron will of the thousands of workers and their supporters who are committed to finishing the job. #endpolioOur foundation joined the polio fight almost 15 years ago. And in all that time, I cannot think of a more important moment than right now.I look forward to working with you and @EU_Commission on all of these important goals. Europe is a critical partner in creating a net-zero future and ensuring a healthy and equitable world for all.Reaching net-zero emissions by 2050 means transforming our entire physical economy and accelerating innovation at an unprecedented pace. @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst will jumpstart this process.This is the greatest opportunity for innovation in human history:These students are doing inspiring work. Their ambition makes me optimistic about the future of health care (and the world).Im excited about @Breakthrough Energy Catalyst and think it can help make clean-energy innovations more available and affordable for everyone.COVID-19 has highlighted how digital tools can save lives. Im encouraged by @ExemplarsHealth research highlighting how technologies in Nigeria, Sri Lanka, Burkina Faso, Uganda, South Africa, and Vietnam can be scaled to detect and respond to pandemics.This expanded commitment to the foundation will accelerate its mission to fight poverty, disease, and inequity around the world. I'm grateful to the foundation's leadership team, employees, and partners for their dedication to making the world healthier and more just.Stopping Alzheimers requires more eyes on the problem. ADDI @AlzData recently hosted their 1st Data Challenge. I was inspired to see more than 1,200+ people from 65+ countries/regions join the fight.Its really encouraging to see these results. Dengue fever infects hundreds of millions of people a year and causes debilitating disease. This incredible technique could also be effective at stopping the spread of other viruses like Zika and Chikungunya.This important commitment builds on the @gatesfoundation's efforts to support partners working to create a more equal world.I am truly grateful for his wisdom and leadership, and most of all for his enduring friendship. Warren will continue to inspire our foundation as we work to fight poverty and help millions of people live healthier lives.I will always have a deep sense of accountability to Warren, paying close attention to the data to track our progress and identify areas where we can do better. But the value of Warrens gift goes beyond anything that can be measured.Should you pick your nose? You can read an excerpt from Matt Richtels fascinating book about the immune system on my blog to find the answer:The journalist @ElizKolbert has created a fascinating beat for herself covering humanitys impact on nature and our attempts to control it. Her latest book is a good reminder that we need to watch out for the unforeseen effects of our actions.The persistence of countless Rotarians gives me hope that we can achieve a polio-free world. As they close the #Rotary21 Convention, I'd like to thank @Rotary for the continued partnership to #endpolio.I'm almost always interested in books about American presidents, and I especially loved A Promised Land. Its a fascinating look at what its like to steer a country through challenging times.This book gave me a deeper, more nuanced appreciation for the system that is at the core of humanitys fight against COVID-19 and everything our foundations Global Health program is trying to do.If youre looking for a good book to read this summer, these are some of my favorites.The @G7s commitment to share 870M COVID-19 vaccine doses over the next year is welcome news - but time is not on our side. Vaccines must be delivered now to help control the pandemic everywhere and not disrupt the progress we've made.Polio tools and infrastructure are also critical to combatting other public health emergencies, like COVID-19. It is more important than ever that donors and countries commit to the new GPEI strategy to #endpolio and continue improving health for all.These young leaders make me optimistic that brighter days are ahead for Americas students and teachers.Against the odds, @MohamedBailorB8 became a doctor and is helping his country recover from civil war, Ebola, and now COVID-19. This doctors life story is almost as remarkable as his work.This is an important step in the U.S. clean energy transition. Im excited to see @TerraPower working with @PacifiCorp, @GovernorGordon, and @Energy to bring this project to life with the workforce of Wyoming.Heroes like Dr. Mohamed Barrie are the reason we started our foundation more than 20 years ago and why Melinda and I remain committed to its work. Mohameds story is truly inspiring, and I cant wait to see what he and his team will accomplish next.This partnership between @Breakthrough Energy and the @EU_Commission will create jobs around the world, build sustainable global industries, and expand opportunity for billions: Thank you to @EIB as well for your support.The pandemic has exacerbated existing racial health inequities in the United States. The Health Equity Tracker is a new tool bringing visibility to disparities in U.S. medicine.Avoiding a climate disaster is possible if governments act today. @IEAs Net Zero by 2050 report provides a roadmap to achieve this critical goal.I was honored to speak at todays #LeadersClimateSummit about the three things we need to do to avoid a climate disaster.Ambitious short-term goals like this are critical to moving closer to a net-zero future. As we rapidly scale the solutions we have, we must also invest in innovation to reach our ultimate goals. Thank you @POTUS for your leadership.Its encouraging to see @POTUS Biden and @ClimateEnvoy Kerry re-establish Americas leading role on climate change. I look forward to joining leaders from around the world to talk about some of the most important challenges we need to overcome to avoid a climate disaster.Yesterday's verdict was a step in the right direction. But one court ruling alone will not bring to an end the injustice and inequity that Black people experience daily. I hope we will continue to make real progress on this.Time is a poetic portrait of a family who love and support each other despite their difficult circumstances. I cant recommend it highly enough.If Time wins the Oscar this year, it will be the first documentary directed by a Black woman to do so. Garrett Bradleys talent makes her worthy of that milestone. This is one of the most intimate movies I have ever seen. #itsTIMECommunities of color have been hit hard by COVID-19. One of the reasons why parts of the medical system often fail Black and brown people is because its not designed with them in mind. Dr. Stephaun Wallace wants to change that.To get to net-zero emissions globally by 2050, leaders from around the world must work together. Its encouraging to see governments, business leaders, and financial institutions committing to a successful COP26 in Glasgow later this year.Dr. Stephaun Wallace (@imstephaunelite) has spent the last year helping make COVID-19 vaccines work for everybody. Stephaun and his colleagues at @FredHutch are working to reach the people who are usually left behind.The amount of cement China has consumed is a staggering statistic and reminder of how much emissions have grown in low- and middle-income countries. (Minecraft concrete doesnt count, though server farms are responsible for a lot of emissions.)Cement is responsible for 6% of carbon emissions globally. To get to net-zero by 2050, we need innovations to decarbonize the material. I discuss a few approaches to make low-emission cement in my climate book:Who installed the most concrete? Check your answer:The best way to prevent new variants from emerging is by stopping transmission of the virus altogether:It's encouraging to see innovation and clean energy investments at the forefront of @POTUS's #AmericanJobsPlan. Building markets for new energy technologies is good for jobs today and will build the economies we need while avoiding a climate disaster.Here are five things you should know if you want to understand how variants are (and arent) complicating the pandemic.The technological transformation we need to address climate change can create good, safe jobs and build a more equitable, prosperous economy. To make that happen, we need to think big:I had a great time answering questions about my new book, climate change, and COVID-19 on @reddit last week. Heres a recap of the conversation.Im answering your questions now on @reddit:In this video, I answered some really good questions, including one about two really important numbers. Come ask me some questions of your own on @reddit at 11:15:After you finish your pancakes this morning, come ask me anything on @reddit at 11:15 Pacific Time:Its deeply unfair that the people who contribute the least to climate change will suffer the worst from its effects:I named my book How to Avoid a Climate Disaster, not How to Stop Climate Change, because our climate is already changingand no one will be hurt more by climate change than the worlds poorest people. Here's how we can help them adapt.Congratulations @AndrewSteerWRI on this important role. Im excited to see what you and the Earth Fund will achieve. Avoiding a climate disaster is going to take all of us, and Im grateful for @JeffBezoss leadership and partnership.Thank you @SalKhanAcademy for a great conversation about climate change and thanks to @BookPeople and @BlueWillowBooks for hosting the event.For decades, Australian researcher Ruth Bishop led global efforts to identify and combat rotavirus. Her life is a reminder of the importance of scientific research to uncover unknown pathogens and the power of vaccines to prevent suffering and save lives.Virologist Ruth Bishop pioneered the research that led to the discovery of rotavirus. Her legacy continues both as a role model for other researchers and in the millions of childrens lives that have been saved because of her heroic work: #IWD2021Thank you @BarackObama for the kind words. Your leadership at the 2015 Paris climate conference helped prove that global cooperation on climate is possible and gives me hope that we can reach our goal of zero emissions.@EDFaction @Breakthrough Thank you for your partnership, @EDFAction, and for sharing what all of us can do to avoid a climate disaster.Moving to a green economy is the biggest challenge the world has ever faced. Im optimistic we can do it, but need to make sure it benefits everyoneincluding those workers and communities who depend on the fossil fuels that we need to get rid of.We cant avoid a climate disaster without corporate leaders making courageous decisions now. I hope to work with @VWGroup on building the markets for the clean technologies the world needs. Thank you for the kind words, Herbert.Delivering vaccines to those who need them most, no matter where they live or how much money they have, is the only way to end the pandemic and begin the recovery. This is an important milestone.@EU_H2020 @EIB @Breakthrough @BloomBiorenewa1 To get to net zero, we need innovation to replace fossil fuels in everyday products like plastics. @BloomBiorenewa1 is one of the many companies leading on this important work.We're fortunate to have an Energy Secretary who's focused on creating high-quality jobs to build a clean energy economy. I look forward to working with @SecGranholm on clean tech innovation and deployment.Recent extreme weather events are a stark reminder that were already seeing the effects of climate change here at home and around the world. This type of observation system will help scientists monitor and predict future weather events.Thanks @kwelkernbc and @JCCAtlanta for a great conversation about how we can avoid a climate disaster.Im looking forward to joining @andrewrsorkin to talk about climate change, our foundations work in response to the pandemic, and more.Its encouraging to have @ClimateEnvoy John Kerry representing the U.S. to the world. Now that we've rejoined the Paris Climate Agreement, it's going to take ambitious action from U.S. leaders and those around the globe to avoid a climate disaster.There are several ways individuals can help move us closer to a zero-carbon future. Here are a few:Thanks @JudyWoodruff and @NewsHour for having me on the show to talk about climate change and COVID-19 two urgent global issues that need global collaboration.@colbertlateshow @gatesfoundation I always have fun talking to @StephenAtHome. Thanks for inviting me to talk about climate change and my new book.Im inspired by @DonCheadles activism and humanitarian work. Thanks to @lawacthevents and @writersblocla for hosting our discussion about climate change and how everyone can help.@smh Thanks @GregCallaghan1 for talking with me about this challenge and why we need to act now.Meaningful action from business leaders will require the courage to take risks that many companies aren't used to taking.Thanks to @andersoncooper, @SeaArtsLectures, and everyone who joined our virtual conversation about climate change. Great to have so much support from my hometown for this important work.Great to see this important step as the United States resumes our global leadership on climate change. Looking forward to working with @POTUS and Congress on a plan to ensure we reach net zero by 2050.Thanks to @streickercenter for hosting the launch of my virtual book tour. It was great to hear so many thoughtful questions about what we can all do to help avoid a climate disaster.When I talk to people about climate change, I almost always get asked the same question: What can I do to help? Here are some actions individuals can take to move us closer to a zero-carbon future:Thanks for inviting me on the podcast, @karaswisher.Thank you, @AlokSharma_RDG. We have a lot of work ahead of us to reach net-zero emissions by 2050 and avoid a climate disaster. Your leadership of #COP26 is critical. Thanks also to @howtoacademy, @penguinlive and @Waterstones for hosting the London stop of my virtual book tour!It was great to talk with @alroker about my new book and the solutions we need to fight climate change.@CBSEveningNews @NorahODonnell Thank you @NorahODonnell for inviting me to talk about climate change. Solving it wont be easy, but I believe we can do it.Thanks for another great conversation @Trevornoah!I wrote How to Avoid a Climate Disaster because I see not just the problem of climate change; I also see an opportunity to solve it. Heres how:@CliftonLeaf Thanks for inviting me to be a guest editor. We need every business leader and every industry to play a role in the fight against climate change.I had a great time working with @FortuneMagazine on this special digital issue about climate change. The entire business community has a role to playand we need to start now.How to Avoid a Climate Disaster is available now. I hope youll check out the book, but more importantly, I hope youll do what you can to help keep the planet livable for generations to come:The worlds power to invent makes me hopeful about climate change. Breakthrough Energy supports the innovations that will lead the world to net-zero emissions.To avoid a climate disaster, we need to eliminate emissions from the ways we create electricity, grow food, make things, move around, and heat and cool our buildings. It wont be easy, but I believe we can do it. This book is about what it will take.I enjoyed spending time with @andersoncooper recently in Seattle. We talked about why Im optimistic that the world can get to zero greenhouse gas emissions and avoid a climate disaster:Im thrilled to join @Trevornoah, @AlokSharma_RDG, @iamrashidajones, @andersoncooper, @DonCheadle, @SavannahGuthrie, @kwelkernbc, @daxshepard and Monica Padman, Sal Khan, and Ariel Bissett to discuss how the world can work to avoid a climate disaster:When it comes to preventing pandemics, scientific tools alone arent enough. We also need new capabilities, including a global alert system and infectious disease first responders (or what I like to call a pandemic fire squad):COVID-19 has cost lives, sickened millions, and thrust the global economy into a devastating recession. But hope is on the horizon:This has been a year unlike any other in our lifetimes. In our new Annual Letter, Melinda and I talk about how we can turn the hard-won lessons of the pandemic into a healthier, more equal future for all.Here are four other ways that America can advance its leadership on climate change this year and put the world on a path to zero emissions by 2050:One of the benefits of being 65 is that Im eligible for the COVID-19 vaccine. I got my first dose this week, and I feel great. Thank you to all of the scientists, trial participants, regulators, and frontline healthcare workers who got us to this point.Its great to see President Biden elevate science leadership to a cabinet-level position. Congratulations @eric_lander.And while COVID-19 will rightfully continue to dominate the agenda, the United States also has the opportunity to lead the world in avoiding a climate disaster. The President is taking a great first step by rejoining the Paris Climate Accord.The Presidents commitment to reengage with the world gives me hope that the recovery will reach everyone, including communities of color in the U.S. and people in poor countries around the world.With Americans across the country working together, more people get a COVID-19 vaccine every day, bringing us closer to a time when life will look much more like normal. Until then, we can slow the spread of the virus and save lives by continuing to distance and wear masks.I look forward to working with President @JoeBiden and Vice President @KamalaHarris to tackle some of our toughest challenges like COVID-19 and climate change. This has been a troubling time in America, but I see promise in the months and years ahead.#MLKDay has long been a national day of service. As we celebrate the first without Congressman John Lewis, I'm thinking about his powerful call to remain hopeful about the future as we work to make our countryand our worlda better place.Its great to see Indias leadership in scientific innovation and vaccine manufacturing capability as the world works to end the COVID-19 pandemic @PMOIndiaWhat does Rashida Jones have on her shopping list? Thats just one of the many questions that didnt make it into our podcast. You can listen to some of the big questions we did tackle here:2021 will be better than 2020. Heres why:Standing up for science has never been more important. Congratulations to Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Salim Abdool Karim on receiving this honor.I've known and learned from @RonConway for more than 40 years. I'm glad to see @svangel team up with @bchesky to mentor and support companies working to create more economic empowerment opportunities for people across the world.This book has nothing to do with viruses or pandemics. But it is surprisingly relevant for these times. @exlarson provides a brilliant and gripping account of another era of widespread anxiety: the years 1940 and 1941.Monoclonal antibodies are one of the most promising treatments we have for COVID-19, thanks in large part to R&D by Canadian scientists. Because of their generosity, people all around the world will have access to this potentially lifesaving treatment.Like many people, Ive tried to deepen my understanding of systemic racism in recent months. If youre interested in learning more about the lives caught up in our country's justice system, I highly recommend @thenewjimcrow by Michelle Alexander.The season finale of our podcast features two incredible people who are using their positions as artists to change the world for the better.Thanks for the great conversation, Carlos.Bill Foege and Viktor Zdanov are phenomenal examples of what it means to harness science for global health. A well-deserved honor.Here are five books that Id recommend as we wrap up 2020. I hope you find something that helps youor the book lover in your lifefinish the year on a good note.Are we actually making progress on climate change? Can we really prevent a climate disaster? In this weeks podcast, Rashida and I take on perhaps our biggest question yet with Pulitzer Prize-winning author @ElizKolbert.This new quiz from @Gapminder is a clever way to fight misconceptions and upgrade your worldview about the incredible progress the world has made toward the Sustainable Development Goals to end poverty, fight inequality, and stop climate change:Rashida Jones and I talked to Yuval Noah Harari about COVID conspiracy theories, the role social media plays in spreading misinformation, and the one lie I choose to believe even though I know its not always true:I believe we can avoid a climate disasterif we deploy the clean-energy tools we have now wisely, and if we make big breakthroughs that touch every aspect of our physical economy. Creating the National Institutes of Energy Innovation would put us on the right path.To reduce duplication, focus the governments efforts, and get the most innovation out of every dollar of funding, we should create a new organization: the National Institutes of Energy Innovation.We need to revolutionize the worlds physical economyand that will take, among other things, a dramatic infusion of ingenuity, funding, and focus from the federal government.This the most important thing the U.S. can do to lead the world in innovations that will solve climate change.Im inspired by Quarraisha Abdool Karim and @ProfAbdoolKarim. They are two of the most respected HIV/AIDS researchers in the world. And now they are helping guide the COVID-19 response in South Africa and around the globe. #WorldAIDSDayIm a big fan of author @harari_yuval and was excited to talk to him about why humanity is so willing to believe falsehoods and what these lies tell us about ourselvesboth as individuals and as a society.Today is the 25th anniversary of my first book, The Road Ahead. I made a lot of predictions about technology in the book, and it was fun to look back and see what I got right (and what I got wrong).This week, Rashida and I ask a big question that has never felt more urgent: is inequality inevitable? We spoke with Compton mayor @AjaLBrown and @OppInsights director Raj Chetty about what itll take to build a more equal society.You can listen to a bonus clip that didnt make it into our latest episode here:Nearly forty million people have Alzheimers or dementia today. We have no way to stop or even slow the disease at this point, but Im hopeful the new Alzheimers Disease Data Initiative (@AlzData) will speed up progress.In our first podcast episode, Rashida Jones and I talked to Dr. Anthony Fauci about what to expect in the coming months and what the world will look like after COVID-19.More than 7 million community health workers serve their neighbors around the world, improving access to primary healthcare for their communities. Now theyre doing heroic work to respond to the pandemic.Each week, well talk about some of the biggest issues facing our world with special guests including authors, experts, and friends.Im teaming up with Rashida Jones to ask the big questions. Check out our new podcast limited series starting Monday. You can subscribe here:I look forward to working with the new administration and leaders on both sides in Congress on getting the surging pandemic under control, engaging partners around the world on issues like poverty and climate change, and addressing issues of inequality and opportunity at home.Congratulations to President-Elect Biden and Vice President-Elect Harris. Thank you to the election officials and campaign workers who worked tirelessly to ensure a record number of Americans could cast a ballot and have it counted during such an challenging time for our country.Here in Washington, we always vote by mail. It's a safe and secure way to shape the future of our country. But regardless of whether you vote by mail or in person this year, I hope you plan to make your voice heard. Visit for more information.@MohamedBinZayed The UAE is an essential partner in stopping polio in Pakistan. Thank you @MohamedBinZayed for your continued commitment to polio eradication.For decades, @Rotary has worked tirelessly to #EndPolio. Today, the health infrastructure theyve built around the world is supporting the COVID-19 response. #WorldPolioDayIve been working for some time on a book about what we need to do over the next decade to avoid a climate disaster. Im excited that it will be published on February 16.Its inspiring to see so much passion these days for dealing with climate change, and to know that the world has set some ambitious goals for solving it. What we need now are practical plans to reach those goals.Indias research and manufacturing capacity are critical for fighting COVID-19. Thank you @narendramodi for speaking at todays Grand Challenges meeting. @PMOIndiaEurope has an opportunity to get its economy back on track in a way that creates good jobs and reinforces its global climate leadership. Here are 55 ideas on how Europe can develop and scale up the innovative technologies we'll need to reach net-zero.The COVID-19 pandemic has set back efforts to end poverty, hunger, and malnutrition. Investing in @CGIAR will speed the recovery by helping farmers adapt to climate change and rebuild food systems after the pandemic (via @Nature)..@StephenCurry30s work in the community is as inspiring as his amazing record on the basketball court. I really appreciated the thoughtful conversation.Dr. Tunji Funshos work with @Rotary was essential in stopping wild polio in Africa and will help create a polio-free world for all. A well-deserved recognition.This honor is well deserved. COVID-19 is not just a health crisisit is also now a food crisis, and @WFP is there to respond. Im inspired by the thousands of people in the organization who have committed their lives to fighting hunger.For the last 25 years, Dr. Firdausi Qadri, an immunologist and infectious disease researcher in Bangladesh, has been working to protect entire communities from cholera epidemics.Im excited to see this kind of innovation. Detecting and predicting outbreaks earlier is critical to preventing epidemics.The only way to eliminate the threat of COVID-19 somewhere is to eliminate it everywhere. By making sure poor countries are equipped to stop this disease, wealthy countries will help themselves and bring this crisis to an end sooner.Understanding this concept can help us measure our progress toward eliminating carbon emissions and serve as a guide to action.Developing and manufacturing vaccines wont end the pandemic quickly unless we also deliver them equitably. Here is why its critical that vaccines are distributed in proportion to the global population:Great to see the UK commit vital funding to ensure COVID-19 vaccines are available for the worlds poorest people. PM @BorisJohnson's plan will improve the way we prepare for future crises like this.After 20 years of stunning advances toward global goals to improve health and reduce poverty, the COVID-19 pandemic stopped progress in its tracks. In our foundations Goalkeepers report, we survey the damage and discuss how to start reversing it.To prevent the worst effects of climate change, we need innovation across all sectorsespecially in the hardest to decarbonize sectorsto get us on a viable path to net-zero emissions.Dr. John Nkengasong is a true Goalkeeper. His leadership will help ensure Africa has the tools it needs to fight COVID-19:Justice Ginsburg was a trailblazer who devoted her entire career to fighting for equal justice for women, because she knew it would improve life for everyone. America is a better place because of her service. I am inspired by her life and legacy.My dad was the real Bill Gates. He was everything I try to be and I will miss him every day.Thank you to the heroes everywhere working to keep us safe. I hope their stories inspire you just as much as they have me:These heroes represent the best of who we can be. Their efforts to solve the worlds challenges demonstrate our values as a society and they serve as powerful examples of how to make a positive difference in the world.Clinical trials are critical to helping researchers better understand Alzheimer's. Improving how we identify and enroll participants in those trials will accelerate progress on diagnosing and treating the disease.I tackle every big new problem by asking two questions: Who has dealt with this problem well? And what can we learn from them? @ExemplarsHealth will help to fill the gap in global health knowledge sharing and to accelerate progress in saving lives.Of all the things Ive learned from Warren Buffett (and there have been a lot), the most important might be what friendship is all about. Heres why hes a person that I admire as well as like:Happy 90th birthday, Warren!.@AbeShinzo, thank you for making the world a healthier and more equitable place. Your understanding of how we can improve global prosperity, through support of organizations like @Gavi, has been truly inspiring. Please now go take care of your own health.If were going to address climate change, we need to find new ways to do things that dont release greenhouse gasesincluding how we move around.Today we move one step closer toward a world without polio. This is an incredible milestone thats worth celebrating. It is also an important reminder of what can be accomplished when we work together toward a common goal.Mosquito City is home to the worlds largest captive colony of mosquitoes. @IfakaraHealth Institute is doing fascinating research there about mosquito behaviors and finding ways to outsmart them.Deaths from malaria have been cut by more than half since the year 2000. Increased bed net use is one of the main reasons why #WorldMosquitoDayRidding the world of preventable, treatable diseases like malaria will save millions of lives and lead to healthier, more prosperous communities. And that will make them better prepared to confront any new health challenges like COVID-19 in the future.The progress the world has made against malaria is one of the greatest success stories ever. The COVID-19 pandemic only reinforces why eradicating malaria is so essential.Move aside, @SharkWeek. This is the still the worlds deadliest killer:Because of long-standing barriers that are made worse by COVID-19, hundreds of thousands of students with promise may never start college. This would be disastrous for these young people and for the country. Heres what were doing to help:Teaching special education takes an amazing person to figure out exactly what works for each child. Talking with Washington State Teacher of the Year Amy Campbell gave me an even greater appreciation for these educators:Our foundation is partnering with @DonorsChoose to support teachers as they get ready to go back to schoolin whatever form that takesand will boost your donations to the classroom project of your choice today.I always look forward to meeting Washingtons Teacher of the Year. This years recipient, Amy Campbell (@The_MrsCampbell), is a remarkable advocate for her students, and I loved learning about her approach to teaching special ed.Bill Foege was instrumental in the effort to eradicate smallpox (and is a personal hero of mine). Here he outlines how lessons learned from that campaign can apply to the fight against COVID-19.The world did not do enough to prepare for a pandemic. We can avoid making the same mistake with climate change by: 1. Letting science and innovation lead the way 2. Making sure solutions work for poor countries too 3. Getting started nowGreat tips from @CT_Bergstrom about how to find reliable sources of information and test claims you may see about the pandemic in your social media feeds.If we learn the lessons of COVID-19, we can approach climate change more informed about the consequences of inaction, and more prepared to save lives and prevent the worst possible outcome.In his final words, John Lewis challenges all of us to continue to stand up for what we truly believe. Together, you can redeem the soul of our nation.The impacts of COVID-19 are driving worrying increases in malnutrition and health outcomes. However, there are clear actions that can be taken in both the near- and long-term.In these challenging times, we cant lose sight of the importance of combatting climate change. Im excited to hear about how companies like @Microsoft are finding a way to play a role.Science and innovation will help us beat COVID-19. Dr. Fauci explains why.Its important that we continue to follow scientific data as we look for new tools to aid in the fight against coronavirus.I truly believe that if there is faith and hope and determination, we can continue to lay progress and create an American community at peace with ourselves.  John Lewis will continue to inspire generations of Americans.Its hard to overstate how important finding a reliable, affordable, and easy-to-use diagnostic is for stopping Alzheimers. This is a big step towards that goal.Investments in digital technology that strengthen Africas food and health security will be critical to help the continent recover and thrive after the pandemic."Our best strategy in the age-old fight against the germs is our collaborative, data-based effort to study the world around us and within us. Our best strategy is science." @MaxCRoser explains how vaccines have dramatically improved humanitys ability to fight infectious disease.This is a great loss for America, and for everyone who believes in making the world a more just place. John Lewis not only saw that our country could be better--he never stopped working to make it that way. We need leaders like him more than ever.Globally, a lack of medical oxygenneeded to treat pneumonia, malaria, and other diseasesleads to hundreds of thousands of deaths each year. @BernardOlayo founded @Hewa_Tele to address this often-overlooked challenge.This hero is playing a critical role in Kenyas preparations to tackle COVID-19 by scaling up medical oxygen supplies that will be needed to keep the most critically ill patients alive.I am committed to listening and learning more about systemic racism and what I can do with my actions and words to help create a more equal and just future. Black lives matter.in policing, criminal justice, education, health care, housing, the workplace and all other areas of their lives.The horrifying killings of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor and far too many other Black peopleand the protests they sparkedare shining a light on the brutal injustices that Black people experience every dayI continue to be inspired by all of the volunteers (including many retired health care workers and teachers) on the front lines of the fight against coronavirus each day.Here are five books to read this summer if you want to learn more about pandemics or are looking for a distraction:Melinda recommended that I read The Choice, and Im glad she did. I think many people will find comfort right now from Dr. Edith Eva Eger's suggestions on how to handle difficult situations.Today is #RedNoseDay. Their work has made an incredible impact to reduce child poverty in the US and around the world.The 1918 influenza outbreak is the closest comparison to what were living through right now. John Barry does a great job explaining the realities and lessons of that devastating pandemic.Most of my conversations these days are about COVID-19 and how we can stem the tide, but Im also often asked about what I am reading and watching. Here are my 2020 summer book recommendations (plus a few other ideas for things to do at home).@narendramodi @gatesfoundation Thank you for the conversation and partnership, @narendramodi. Combating the pandemic requires global collaboration. Indias role is key as the world works to minimize social and economic impact, and pave the way to vaccine, testing, and treatment access for all. @PMOIndiaIm hopeful that this program will improve our understanding of the coronavirus outbreak in Seattle and provide valuable information about the virus for other communities around the world.Class of 2020, these are not easy times. But we will get through them. And with your leadership, the world will be stronger than before.There are over 100 different coronavirus vaccine candidates in the works. These candidates take a variety of approaches to protecting the body against COVID-19:Humankind has never had a more urgent task than creating broad immunity for coronavirus. Its going to require a global cooperative effort like the world has never seen. But I know well get it done. Theres simply no alternative.We don't yet have all the tools we need to stop the novel coronavirus and safely re-open the economy. But they are on the horizon.This is a great introduction to computer science concepts for students at all levels. Im looking forward to joining todays Code Break.Halting funding for the World Health Organization during a world health crisis is as dangerous as it sounds. Their work is slowing the spread of COVID-19 and if that work is stopped no other organization can replace them. The world needs @WHO now more than ever..@NickKristof does an amazing job capturing the heroism of the health care workers on the front lines of the coronavirus fight.On #WorldHealthDay and every day I want to thank all of the health heroes for their sacrifices and for keeping us safe.I always enjoy chatting with @Trevornoah, even though we had to sit a little bit further apart than usual this time.Its encouraging to see the first projects begin from our effort to accelerate safe and effective drugs for #COVID19.Im excited to join the @khanacademy Daily Homeroom today to talk about the incredible ways parents, teachers, and students are coming together to keep learning while schools are closed.If we make the right decisions nowinformed by science, data and the experience of medical professionalswe can save lives and get the country back to work. You can read more about my thoughts on #COVID19 on my blog.In the meantime, frontline health care workers are making heroic efforts to test and treat patients across the United States and the world. Here in my hometown, Public Health Seattle & King County (@KCPubHealth) is doing incredible work that we should all be very proud of.All the work that rich countries are doing now to develop vaccines will save lives in developing countries too. Without a vaccine, those countries are at even greater risk than wealthy ones, because its even harder for them to do physical distancing and shutdowns.If everything goes well, there might be an effective vaccine in less than 18 monthsthe fastest a vaccine has ever been developed. That will depend on decisions we make today, including the federal government investing in building up manufacturing capacity.Work is going full speed on potential treatments, and vaccines. But people should know that it will take time to prove they are safe and effective and to start making them.Theres been some progress on more efficient testing methods, such as the self-swab developed by the Seattle Coronavirus Assessment Network. I hope this and other innovations in testing are scaled up across the country soon.The federal government needs to step up on testing: far more tests should be made available, and we should aggregate the results so we can quickly identify potential volunteers for clinical trials and know with confidence when its time to return to normal.Extreme physical distancing measures will make a big difference in the U.S., but we need a consistent nationwide approach. Until the case numbers start to go down across Americawhich could take 10 weeks or moreno one can continue business as usual or relax the shutdown.Theres no question the United States missed the opportunity to get ahead of the novel #coronavirus. But the window for making important decisions hasnt closed. The choices we and our leaders make now will have an enormous impact.Im inspired by the generosity of everyone who has contributed to this effort to help keep kids learning at home. Thank you to @DonorsChoose and especially the educators who are doing amazing things for their students every day.One of the questions I am most often asked about the #COVID19 pandemic is how, and when, it will end. This article by @edyong209 does a really good job of outlining the steps we need to take.This impressive new tool from @IHME_UW will help hospitals, policymakers, and the general public better understand and prepare for the #COVID19 response in the U.S.This is encouraging news, but we still have a lot of work to do. Extreme physical distancing and testing are the best tools we have right now to slow the spread of novel coronavirus.There are few people Ive learned more from over the yearsespecially about virusesthan Peter Piot. This Q&A with him is an excellent, easy-to-understand primer on #COVID19:Ive been impressed by governors across the country including @JayInslee, @NYGovCuomo, @GavinNewsom, @GovMikeDeWine, @GovLarryHogan, and the many others who are guiding their communities through this challenge and providing a model for us all to follow.Thanks to Norway and Prime Minister @erna_solberg for their ongoing leadership in global health and important investments in vaccines.The international response will require funding for @CEPIVacciness development of a COVID-19 vaccine and for @Gavi. Thanks to @BorisJohnson and the UK for this vital commitment.Lots of people in Seattle have asked how they can help those impacted by #COVID19 locally. @allinseattle has done a great job identifying organizations who are already on the ground and deploying resources quickly to help our friends and neighbors:Thanks for your leadership, @rogerfederer. This is an inspiring contribution and will make a big difference for families.Teachers are doing incredible work to keep kids learning while at home. To help get supplies to those most in need, Melinda and I will double your impact, up to $1 million total, when you give to @DonorsChoose coronavirus relief effort today and tomorrow.Im connecting live with @TEDchris and @WhitPennRod to talk about what our healthcare systems need to tackle the #COVID19 pandemic and prepare for future epidemics.Thanks @reddit for joining me yesterday to discuss the #COVID19 pandemic and what we can do to prevent the next one. Here's a recap of the conversation:Im answering your questions about the #COVID19 coronavirus on @reddit in 10 minutes:I know many parents are looking for resources and ideas to help their kids continue learning while home. @khanacademy has created daily schedules with interactive content--exercises, videos and articles--for students in every grade.We dont yet have all the tools we need to fight COVID-19. This is an important step toward having treatments, while we also explore vaccines and diagnostics. Thanks to @wellcometrust and @mastercard for launching this effort with us.COVID-19 could be a once-in-a-century pandemic, but the good news is that there are steps we can take now to slow its impact and help us respond more effectively when the next epidemic arrives. #COVID191 in 4 children under five in South Africa are stunted. The @GrowGreatZA Campaign is empowering new and pregnant moms to keep their children healthy. Heres why Im optimistic that they can make an impact:Melinda and I have met many stunted children in our travels. Its heartbreaking and utterly preventable. Dr. @kopanomabaso is leading an incredible effort to eliminate child stunting from South Africa over the next decade.Climate change is one of the toughest challenges the world has ever taken on. But I believe we can avoid a climate catastrophe if we take steps now to reduce emissions and find ways to adapt to a warmer world. Heres how were approaching the challenge:When Warren Buffett donated the bulk of his fortune to our foundation and joined us as a partner in its work, he urged us to swing for the fences. All these years later, that advice still guides how we think about our philanthropy:Diseases that cause dementia are only diagnosed after symptoms start. To effectively treat these diseases, we need to be able to diagnose them decades earlier when they first take hold in the brain.Were hopeful that our foundations work with Networks for School Improvement will help increase the number of Black, Latinx, and low-income students who graduate from high school and pursue postsecondary opportunities. Heres why thats so important:It was a magical night. I'm very happy to support your foundation's incredible work.Vaccines are a miracle. But how exactly do they work? I explain the science behind vaccines and why our foundations investment in them is one of the best weve ever made:Science is giving us the opportunity to improve lives around the world faster than ever before. Today I was honored to give a speech on this subject at the @aaas annual meeting. #AAASmtgThis is an incredible story about the power of vaccines. 13 million people are alive today thanks to @Gavi. Heres how:The only way we'll achieve net-zero carbon emissions is if we innovate, deploy, and invest across all sectors. It's encouraging to see companies working to get our planet one step closer. Congratulations to all the winners of the #BreakthroughCanada initiative.When we first started our foundation, Melinda and I were optimistic about the power of innovation to drive progress. Twenty years later, were just as optimistic, and were still swinging for the fences:In our new annual letter, @melindagates and I write about why we think the risks weve taken in the first two decades of our foundation have set us up for future progress.@rogerfederer @RafaelNadal @Trevornoah Rogers foundation partners with local NGOs in six countries in southern Africa to improve early learning and basic education. Its an impressive organization, and I encourage you to consider supporting its work:Im excited to team up with @rogerfederer again for the Match in Africa Friday in Cape Town. Playing alongside Roger is always a thrill, and I cant wait to face off against @RafaelNadal and @Trevornoah.As we conclude our foundations second decade of work in global health and education, I have never been more optimistic about the opportunity to improve life for the worlds poorest. I look forward to partnering with you on the work ahead.Thank you, Sue, for all of your contributions to our foundation. I look forward to continuing our work together on important health and education projects that will improve lives.Game on!If the world keeps up the fight against these neglected tropical diseases, we can improve the lives of millions of families: #WorldNTDDayThe world has only begun to tap into all the ways AI will help people live healthier lives. Im excited about the launch of @Microsofts new AI for Health initiative, which connects researchers and organizations with world-class AI talent and resources.I joined @Twitter ten years (and a couple of days) ago. These are some of my favorite tweets. Whats your favorite tweet from the last ten years?@gavi There are still too many childrenmany living in some of the hardest-to-reach places on the planetwho arent getting basic vaccines. Gavi is the best tool we have to reach them. #VaccinesWorkFor twenty years, @gavi has worked to ensure that every child in the world is protected from preventable diseases. The results are incredible. But their work is far from done.I had a fascinating conversation with Vaclav Smil about what bacteria, babies, empires, and economies all have in common:It's great to see Microsoft's leadership in this area. Avoiding the worst effects of climate change will require innovation and investment to get us to net zero carbon emissions across all sectors of the economy.These global health heroes have helped Bangladesh become a model for other countries for how to respond to infectious disease outbreaks:Its encouraging to see these results. Typhoid is especially deadly for young children, and a vaccine like this has the potential to save millions of lives.Thanks to the work of this fatherdaughter dynamic duo, Bangladesh is moving toward a future of fewer disease outbreaks and more children reaching their fifth birthday.Solving the worlds toughest challengeslike fighting the worst impacts of climate changerequires lots of new ideas and talented people working across many fields. Im glad to see this effort to support this important work.Progress isnt always easy to see. These charts show some of the ways that the world is getting better.Americas tax system will be top of mind for many in 2020. Heres what I really think.If your New Years resolution is to be healthier in 2020, this book is a good place to start.Im glad @beautiful__news is highlighting some of the amazing things happening in the world.Vaclav Smil is one of my favorite thinkers, and I couldnt wait to get my hands on his new book about the growth of *everything*.Whats next for our foundation? Im particularly excited about what the next year could mean for one of the best buys in global health: vaccines.Ive read a lot of books about history over the years, and These Truths by Jill Lepore is the most honest and unflinching account of the American story Ive ever seen. Its also one of the most beautifully written.Check out my end of year books list (plus a bonus recommendation) on @Likewise.December is a great time to take stock of everything youve done over the last twelve monthsincluding all of the books youve read. I found these books to be really clever and engaging. I hope you them find as intriguing as I did:Back in my early Microsoft days, I routinely pulled all-nighters when we had to deliver a piece of software. I even stayed up two nights in a row on occasionI dont recommend that. This book taught me a lot about the importance of a better night's sleep.This new treatment is a gamechanger for millions of people living with HIV in South Africa. Im optimistic that it could help #EndAIDS around the world.I was deeply moved by Tayari Joness story of a married couple whose lives get torn apart by an incident of injustice. The book is so well-written that youll find yourself sucked into it despite the heavy subject matter.Here are two amazing statistics: primary health care interventions could save 60 million lives in low-and middle-income countries and increase average life expectancy by 3.7 years by 2030: #HealthForAllDiane Tavenner had a simple but very ambitious goal: We wanted to teach kids not just what they needed to get into college, but what they needed to live a good life. You can read an excerpt from her wonderful new book on my blog.Ive read a lot of great books this year. Here are some I think youll enjoy reading over the holidays.I'm a big fan of @SiliconHBO and was excited when they asked me to appear in the series finale tonight. #AlwaysBlueThank you, Sue, for your extraordinary leadership. Melinda and I are grateful for the opportunity weve had to learn with and from you over the past five-and-a-half years, and we wish you and your family the best.I really enjoyed sitting down with @reidhoffman to talk about the role great cofounders and partners have played in my career, like Paul Allen at Microsoft and @melindagates at the Gates Foundation. You can listen to our conversation here:Technology has made it faster and easier than ever before for people everywhere to give. Im inspired by how many people from all over the world participate in #GivingTuesday.I was impressed to see the tremendous impact @Gestamps apprenticeship program is having on students and their community:This #WorldAIDSDay, Im excited about breakthroughs in treating and preventing HIV thanks to organizations like the @GlobalFund.The world has made incredible strides toward ending the AIDS epidemic over the last twenty years, and Im optimistic that more progress is on the way. Explore the data: #WorldAIDSDayAt @Gestamp, an auto parts maker in Chattanooga, Tennessee, I saw how the factory is putting high school students on a path to opportunity:Dr. LeAndrea Ware is one of the most energetic school leaders Ive ever met. Her positivity is infectious. Its no wonder she was recently named the Tennessee principal of the year:Were getting closer to having a blood test for Alzheimers which could help doctors detect and diagnose the disease earlier:US education may be the hardest issue our foundation works on. A recent visit to The Howard School in Chattanooga, Tennessee reminded me why its also one of the most inspiring.You could find wild poliovirus in 125 countries in 1988. Today, it exists in just two. And more than 18 million people are walking today who would otherwise have been paralyzed by polio. Heres why we arent done yet:The incredible, diverse global partnership that halted wild polios spread in Nigeria 3 years ago makes me optimistic well #EndPolio worldwide.Some of our most vital partners in the fight to #EndPolio are philanthropies like @alwaleed_philan, @bloombergdotorg, Tahir Foundation, Dalio Philanthropies & Ningxia Yanbao Charity Foundation. Their support has helped deliver vaccines and protect millions from polio paralysis.Even a single child paralyzed by polio is one too many, but Im optimistic that we will eradicate the disease thanks to the GPEIs persistence and creativity.In Abu Dhabi this week, the world committed $2.6B to #EndPolio. Thank you @MohamedBinZayed for your leadership in helping push this terrible disease to the brink of eradication.@narendramodi .@narendramodi's leadership has been a catalyst to India's progress on improving health, nutrition and ensuring safe sanitation practices for many. @PMOIndiaThe more Ive learned about Alzheimers disease, the more Ive come to admire the volunteers who participate in clinical trials, and their caregivers too. Heres a way you can help fight Alzheimers:Better tools for collecting and sharing data will help community health workers protect families in the poorest parts of the world.Expanding the diversity of therapies in the pipeline and more efficiently recruiting patients for clinical trials will increase our odds of discovering a breakthrough. Im hopeful it will lead to an intervention that reduces the impact of Alzheimers.@ewarren Im always willing to talk about creative solutions to these problems.@ewarren I greatly respect your commitment to finding ways to address wealth inequality and poverty at home. While we may disagree about some of the ways to get there, we certainly agree we need a lot of smart people committed to finding the path forward.@ewarren You and the other candidates are having a really interesting conversation on how to solve some of the worlds toughest problems like eliminating global poverty and avoiding a climate disaster (though those issues dont get talked about as much as they should).One of the many awful things about watching someone you love struggle with Alzheimers is the feeling of helplessness. You keep thinking that there must be something more you can do. Here's one option.We have cut the number of child deaths in half over the last 20 years. New tools like these precision maps from @IHME_UW will help us cut child mortality in half again by 2030.Buildings are one of the five areas where we need a lot of innovation if were going to avoid a climate disaster. I wrote about one company with a particularly clever approach.A lot of work remains, but its exciting to see positive data on a drug candidate that may alter the course of Alzheimers disease.I always like to try out a new TV show or two when Im on the road. What should I watch next? I set up an Ask on @Likewise to collect your recommendations."This is a solvable problem." @CarbonCure (which Ive helped fund through @btenergy Ventures) has developed an innovative way to reduce cement's carbon footprint:One of the best parts of my job is getting to work with some of the worlds most brilliant minds on seemingly intractable problems. Heres how were trying to tackle one of the defining technical challenges of our time.This is one of the most important topics in medicine today: how can we make data more readily available for researchers to look for patterns and identify new pathways for treatment.The world has made incredible progress toward the goal to #endpolio thanks to partners like @MohamedBinZayed and the UAE.Melinda and I feel pressure to make every dollar and every day count, which is why we say no to a lot more opportunities than we say yes to. Working with partners around the world to #EndPolio has been a fight worth every dollar.Tackling the worlds toughest health challenges requires the best that science has to offer. Thank you to @NIHDirector and @WHOAFRO for your partnership.Congrats to the 2019 winners of the @NobelPrize in chemistry! Few inventions have changed our lives as much as the battery, and the quest to build a better one is an important step in the fight against climate change.Malnutrition is the single greatest health inequity in the world. In its 2019 State of the Worlds Children report, @UNICEF takes a critical look at how we can help everyone reach their full potential by improving access to nutrition.The worlds poorest people often rely on farming both to feed their families and to earn an income. They will be among the first to face the effects of climate change. Im excited about innovations aimed at addressing this problem:Congrats to Esther Duflo, Abhijit Banerjee, and Michael Kremer for winning this years @NobelPrize in economics. Ive learned a lot from their pioneering work to better understand the complexities of the lives of the worlds poorest people.The world is facing a crisis at the dinner table, one that climate change will only worsen. Im optimistic about the progress being made by @RIPEproject on a much-needed breakthrough.The odds of dying of AIDS in South Africa are less than half what they were at the peak. That progress wouldnt have been possible without the @GlobalFund and other global health organizations. Even more progress is possible if we keep up the fight:We need more approaches to stopping #Alzheimers disease. Im excited to see this news out of @DZNE_de and @ISD_Research about a promising starting point for the development of new therapeutic strategies.Im impressed by the international cooperation that made this years @GlobalFund Replenishment round possible. The world has committed more than ever before. Our foundation is proud to commit $700 million to over the next 3 years. #StepUptheFightI cant think of a more fitting tribute to Hans Rosling and his lifes work. Hans was a dear friend to Melinda and me and inspired us all with his passion, intelligence, and wit.Im in Lyon, France for the @GlobalFunds replenishment celebrating the most money ever raised for their life-saving work. Im excited for the day that these diseases are in the history books. #StepUptheFightIn Afghanistan, one of the last countries with polio, vaccine acceptance rates have reached 98% thanks to the tireless work of female health workers. Their increased involvement and passion is why polio eradication is within reach in Afghanistan.If all countries in the world had the same concentration of researchers as wealthy ones, there would be 3x as many researchers. Thats mind-blowing. We all lose out when talent isnt connected with opportunity. @OurWorldInDataMalnutrition is the greatest health inequity in the world. I recently spoke with my friend @AlikoDangote about how we can use iodized salt to help kids gets the nutrients they need:Im lucky to have known Stephen Hawking and he was as exceptional in person as you imagined he was. As remarkable as his contributions to physics were, his biggest accomplishment was inspiring the world to believe in the magic of science and research.Here is the story of the day I knew what I wanted to do for the rest of my life and the influence of someone whos been a critical guide along the way:@TheEconomist is right: climate change touches everything and everyone -- and, unfairly, the poor and marginalized have the most to lose.  If you want to understand what can be done, I highly recommend you read this issue.Melinda's work on behalf of women and girls around the world inspires me every day. She's committing $1 billion over the next ten years to increasing women's power and influence in the United States. Because #EqualityCantWait.Im delighted that @erna_solberg has re-upped Norways commitment to support the work of the @GlobalFund. I welcome her sustained leadership and partnership in the fight against AIDS, TB, and malaria.Most people know @AlikoDangote as Africas wealthiest man, but I know him as one of our foundations most impactful partners in improving health. Melinda and I are lucky to count him as a partner (and friend!) in our work.More and more children are living to see their 5th birthdays. Thats because the world has made incredible progress in reducing child mortality. But progress has been uneven. We have more work to do to close the gaps across countries and within them.It's really incredible how much time and effort goes into producing a documentary like the new @netflix series I participated in. I shared more about the experience on my blog:Ending poverty and achieving the SDGs requires a whole-of-government approach. @ImranKhanPTI and @SaniaNishtar have shown leadership in developing a new anti-poverty strategy. #Ehsaas.@sanchezcastejons commitment to the @GlobalFund reflects Spains leadership. At a time when more countries are turning inward, Spain is showing that we cant back away from our commitment to fighting poverty and disease.Sanitation is a difficult issue to take on because there are no easy solutions. Tonight we recognized the progress India has made on this issue through its Swachh Bharat program, under the leadership of @narendramodi.I had the privilege of meeting @DrElvisEze at last years Malaria Summit in London, and I was struck by his optimism about the fight against malaria. I think youll be inspired by his story.Im excited to see world leaders and climate advocates coming together to make progress at the UNGA #ClimateAction Summit. Working together we can prevent the worst effects of climate change.Ive always loved playing tennis. Maybe this is why. See more deleted scenes from the @netflix series about my life and read exclusive stories on my blog:I am hopeful that we can substantially alter the course of Alzheimers disease. This World Alzheimers Day, join me in supporting Alzheimers research by watching and sharing @AlzResearchUKs #SharetheOrange video with @SamuelLJackson.The docuseries about my life and work is out today. I hope youll check it out on @netflix and then read some of the stories that didnt make the cut on my blog.Adapting to climate change requires support from governments and businesses to ensure those most at risk have the opportunity to thrive. A new report from @GCAdaptation lays out steps we can take to address this urgent issue.The new docuseries that looks at my work is out tomorrow. I hope you check it out on @netflix. I cant wait to hear what you think:As governments invest more in primary health care systems, overall health outcomes improve. Heres how:Melinda and I started out ahead. But hundreds of millions of people around the world have to overcome hurdle after hurdle to be successful. Read about how advocates are working to even the odds for everyone:Health and education are improving everywhere in the world. But the gap between countries progress can be enormous. Our foundations 2019 Goalkeepers report examines two of the biggest factors responsible for this inequality:The Lasker-Bloomberg Public Service Award is a well-deserved recognition of @gavi's life-saving work. Congratulations to all of the winners:Congratulations @BradSmi and @CarolAnnBrowne! Your insights have never been more relevant, and I am glad others will have the chance to benefit from them too.Today, its difficult for researchers to diagnose #Alzheimers patients early enough to intervene. A reliable, easy and accurate diagnostic would be a game changer, and artificial intelligence could be the answer.Heres a remarkable statistic: Nearly 1.1 billion fewer people are living in extreme poverty today than in 1990. But over 700 million still live on less than $2 a day. Six of them share their stories, their challenges, and their dreams for better lives.The fact that a quarter of the kids born on the planet dont get the right food to develop is a mind-blowing tragedy.  Our growing understanding of the microbiome will make this problem #solvable:Climate change is one of the toughest challenges facing the world. But dont despair Scientists and entrepreneurs are working on some innovative solutions. Here are four that Im excited about:Manufacturing steel is one of the largest sources of greenhouse gas emissions. Boston Metal is working to change this, and Im excited about their approach:Tuberculosis is still the leading infectious cause of death worldwide. To #EndTB, we need to continue to develop safer and simpler solutions. The FDAs approval of a new treatment is a promising step in the right direction.Whenever I hear an idea for what we can do to keep global warming in check, I always ask this question: Whats your plan for steel?  I know it sounds like an odd thing to say, but it opens the door to a very important subject.Germany, Italy, and the European Commission have demonstrated great leadership with their commitments to the @GlobalFund. Thank you @BMZ_Bund, @GiuseppeConteIT and @EU_Commission. Your pledges will help protect the worlds most vulnerable from #AIDS, #TB, and #malaria.When I think about the world I want for my children, I know that #EqualityCantWait. When women and men can reach their full potential, everyone benefits:Canadas $930 million commitment to the @GlobalFund is a big step towards saving millions of lives. Their pledge, and the commitments of other countries, are helping to #StepUpTheFight against AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.If we want to give our kids the best chance possible to succeed after high school, we need more teachers like @_MrHand:Today marks three years since Nigeria's last wild poliovirus case. This progress wouldnt have been possible without the bravery of the young women who volunteer as polio vaccinators.Tomorrow is #WorldMosquitoDay, when we recognize all of our partners and grantees who are fighting against the worlds deadliest animal and the diseases it spreads:I never really learned how to cook. Im finally learning my way around the kitchen, though, thanks to Robert Hand:Four billion people are at risk from mosquito-borne diseases. We can get that number down to zero if we invest in new tools like a set of techniques for genetically modifying mosquitoes to complement the ones we already have.I learned a lot from Washington State Teacher of the Year @_MrHand about creating a classroom where kids want to be (and he taught me how to make BBQ chicken).Melinda and I are big fans of @DonorsChoose, and we were thrilled to learn that @WKamauBell is, too. Today, when you support teachers as they prepare to go back to school, your donation will get a 50% boost from our foundation:When teachers have the right tools, theres no telling where it will take them. Today, when you give to @DonorsChoose, @gatesfoundation will boost your donation by 50%. I hope youll join us in supporting teachers.Being poor isnt cheap. Its hundreds of times more expensive to use charging stations than it is to charge a phone at home. Thats just one of the hidden costs of unreliable electricity:Whenever I want to understand something better, I pick up a book. Here are some of the best ones Ive read so far this year: #BookLoversDayThere is no question that reliable electricity unlocks a better life for people. But can we power the world without contributing to climate change? I think we can:Think back to the last time you experienced a power outage. If you live in New York, you dont have to think that far back! Now imagine what it would be like not to have access to electricity at all. Nearly one billion people face that reality every day.Five years ago, India was declared polio-free. This incredible milestone was made possible by the health workers, governments, partners, and donors who didnt rest until every child was reached. I cant wait to see what India achieves next.What if we really are all in this together? In this fascinating book, @NAChristakis explains why and how humans evolved to work together:10 breakthrough technologies that could help us feed the world and fight climate change at the same time.It's hard to overstate how important finding a better diagnostic is for fighting #Alzheimers. Thats why Im investing in new ideas for easier and more accurate diagnosis of the disease.If you read one article about climate change this week, check out this one from @voxdotcom. Government support for energy R&D is one of the best opportunities to fight climate change.Are our similarities powerful enough to overcome our differences? Blueprint is an optimistic (and terrific) book that explores why humans have evolved to work together and cooperate.I usually wait until the end of the year to share good news that you might have missed, but I couldnt resist sharing this list from @PositiveNewsUK (check out #14!). Which story has inspired you the most so far this year?Can you imagine an aircraft engine in your car? The @ARPAE Summit is one of the coolest places to learn about new energy tech. The @btenergy team came back with lots of new ideas and insights from this years event.The people who will suffer most from climate change are the ones least responsible for it. Heres how we can help them:This is something I would have loved as a kid: @MicrosoftStore is hosting a series of free Camp Know Where events across the country. If your kids love science (and @Stranger_Things), I encourage you to check them out.What political and economic changes are needed to address climate change? If youre between 16 and 25 years old, share your idea with @TheEconomist. I look forward to reading the winning entry! #OpenFutureLast year @GatesUS invested $92 million in networks of schools that are working together to improve student outcomes. Heres an update on the progress weve made in the first year of the program and whats next:I recently wrote about how people with tech skills can find fascinating problems to work on in global health and development. I was excited to come across this @techreview article about African machine learning researchers who are already doing just that.Fathers who help unlock their daughters potential, standing up for their rights and raising them to believe they have them, bring prosperity and happiness to their entire families. I recommend reading this essay from @ZiauddinY about @Malala. #MalalaDayNearly one billion malaria cases have been prevented since 2000, but infection rates have plateaued or even increased in some areas. @axios explains how we can #StepUptheFight and end the disease for good.Can we feed 10 billion people? Im optimistic that we can if we invest in research that will help poor farmers adapt to climate change.Nuclear power is the second-largest source of low-carbon electricity in the world but its growth is slowing down. This important @IEA report outlines how countries can support existing reactors and advance nuclear innovation.I wish I had understood much earlier in my career what true inequity looks like and how to fight it. Thats why Im inspired by the story of William Wu, an engineer who started using his tech skills to fight inequity much sooner than I did:This is the teletype that brought Paul Allen and me together. And Im so glad that it did. Paul was one of the most thoughtful, brilliant, and curious people Ive ever met:More people are getting their electricity from renewable sources that ever before. Heres how we can build on the progress weve made:Todays commitment by @theresa_may to #StepUpTheFight against AIDS, TB and malaria will help save millions of lives. @GlobalFund is one of the best investments the world can make in the years ahead:My friendship with Paul Allen changed my life. I loved sharing some of my favorite stories about him (and a few old photos!) at the Forbes Philanthropy Summit yesterday:Few inventions have changed our lives as much as the battery. Im excited that more inventors and investors are being attracted to the quest to build a better one.Its great to see such early support from Japan in re-committing to the @GlobalFund. The support of @AbeShinzo and the Japanese people will help the world #StepUpTheFight against AIDS, TB, and malaria.Im excited about the progress were making toward understanding Alzheimers. For the first time, @MIT researchers have completed an analysis of the genes that are expressed in individual brain cells of Alzheimers patients.I love talking about toilets. @NatGeo recently wrote about two that I think could change the world.Im excited to see such incredible leadership from @EmmanuelMacron and the people of France towards @GlobalFund. If more countries #StepUpTheFight against AIDS, TB, and malaria, we can save 16 million lives.I learned whats possible in agriculture from studying a remarkable scientist named Norman Borlaug. If youre curious about Borlaug and his breakthroughs, I recommend this article and a book called The Man Who Fed the World.If you have the willingness to learn about a problem and the talent to help solve it, you can make a remarkable difference in the world. Just ask former NASA engineer William Wu:I encourage software developers, inventors, and scientists to consider how they can use their skills to fight inequity.When @goodreads asked me to share my top summer reading recommendations, it was hard to narrow down the list.Fighting disease is like fighting fire. Its not enough to put out most of it you have to get it all. @Rotarys generous pledge to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative will help us extinguish this terrible disease for good.The fight against malaria is one of the greatest success stories in global health but progress has slowed in recent years. To regain momentum, we must work together to combat drug and insecticide resistance.I was moved by this story: Bobs daughter has Down syndrome, which puts her at a higher risk for dementia. Motivated by her condition and his love of science, he volunteered for an #Alzheimers clinical trial.Our foundations Day of Caring is one of my dads favorite days of the year. I know he cant wait to hear what our employees learn from our partners this year.Im always amazed by the disconnect between what we see in the news and the reality of the world around us. As my late friend Hans Rosling would say, we must fight the fear instinct that distorts our perspective:Thank you for being a friend, Warren: #BestFriendsDayIm thrilled about the elimination of malaria from Algeria and Argentina. This news gives me hope that well one day get rid of the disease forever.David Lettermans newest season of #MyNextGuest has a lot of fascinating guests, but theres one clear standout for me. Check out @melindagates's terrific interview on @netflix:Patience: it's a valuable skill for investing and for training new employees at Dairy Queen.Warren and I recently picked up a @DairyQueen shift. I think I may have been a quicker study in the Blizzard department, but watch the video below and judge for yourself:A powerful call to action from @angienguku on the eve of #WD2019. @melindagates and I are impatient for every mother to have access to high-quality maternal care.If youre working on digital biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease and related dementias, I encourage you to apply for the next round of funding on the Diagnostics Accelerator website:Congratulations to the first round of award recipients from @TheADDFs Diagnostics Accelerator. Your ideas are getting us closer to a reliable, affordable, and easy-to-use diagnostic for Alzheimers disease.Identifying candidates for clinical trials more quickly is essential in the fight against Alzheimers. Thats why Im excited about reliable, affordable, and easy-to-use diagnostic tools like blood tests.I recently sat down with one of my favorite authors, Jared Diamond. His perspective on political polarization really caught my attention:Breakthrough Energy Ventures Europe will be a catalyst for innovative solutions to fight climate change. We have the resources to make a meaningful difference and the flexibility to move quickly. Thats a rare and powerful combination.We need the collective effort of governments, individuals, and the private sector to tackle climate change. Im excited about Canadas new partnership with @btenergy. #CEMMI2019I cant recommend these books highly enough:Last year I recommended Bad Blood, which is about the rise and fall of Theranos. This year Im recommending Nine Pints, another book about blood that you wont want to put down.Congratulations @NarendraModi on a remarkable win in #IndianElections2019. Your continued commitment to improve health, nutrition, and development will significantly improve lives of many. @BJP4IndiaIm a big fan of everything Jared Diamond has written, and his latest book, Upheaval, is no exception. You can download a free chapter here:This #RedNoseDay, Im swapping out my usual summer books for something a little different. Learn how you can help end child poverty, one red nose at a time:Whether youre a political leader or just an armchair historian, youll learn a lot from @BeschlossDC's book Presidents of War.This book will take you on a trip youll never forget:Looking for a summer read? You cant go wrong with one of these great books:This is great news: wind and solar power generation is expanding at record rates, allowing more people to get their electricity from renewable sources than ever before. Heres how we can move even faster towards a zero-carbon future:Together, we can achieve what @Rotary first envisioned: a world where no child will be struck with polio ever again. This weekend, I was honored to thank @RotaryRassin and other Rotarians in person for their dedication to the fight against polio.Nearly every job created since the last recession has gone to someone with a post-high school education. But which degrees and programs provide the greatest value? Our foundation is launching a new commission to find out:A college degree is the surest path to a healthy, rewarding life and career. But which degrees and programs provide the greatest value to students? Our foundation CEO @SueDHellmann is co-chairing a new commission to get that data into the hands of more families.Everyone at the @gatesfoundation looks forward to days when our trustee Warren is on campus. @melindagates and I couldnt ask for a better champion for our employees, partners, and grantees.It is surprisingly hard to store renewable energy. Here are three startups Im excited about that are tackling this challenge:Its easy to be overwhelmed by climate change and what to do about it. I recently wrote about why Im optimistic we can prevent the worst from happening:A fascinating discussion with computer scientist @drfeifei, historian @harari_yuval, and journalist @nxthompson on the future of AI.My mom was one of the most generous people Ive ever known. If I grew up #WithoutMom, I wouldnt be the man I am today. Join the fight against preventable maternal deaths so that no child grows up without a mother.All my life Ive been surrounded by remarkable women. And I was moved when Melinda decided to write about two of them my mother and my grandmother in her new book, The #MomentofLift. Happy #MotherDay to all the amazing mothers out there!This fascinating #dataviz looks at how the global population pyramid is changing. With the right investments in health and education, young people at the bottom of the pyramid will drive tremendous growth and innovation.I was touched when Melinda asked me to introduce her at her #MomentofLift book tour stop in Seattle tonight. I wanted to do right by her but wasnt sure what the best approach was -- so I turned to someone with some expertise in this area2018 National Teacher of the Year @MandyRheaWrites told me about the remarkable resilience of her students. I was inspired by their stories and Mandys ability to connect with them: #ThankATeacherI really enjoyed spending time with 2017 WA State Teacher of the Year @farmtableteach. She showed me a neat lesson that can be used to teach science and engineering to students as young as 5 years old: #ThankATeacherFor Teacher Appreciation Week, Ill be highlighting some of the most impactful lessons Ive learned from educators in my home state. 2019 WA State Teacher of the Year @_MrHand showed me how he could build lesson plans that resonate with every student. #ThankATeacherIve learned a lot from the career of this real-life Sherlock Holmes:Melinda and I love meeting with people who are trying to change the world. Here are four of the people who inspired Melinda when she set out to write her new book, The #MomentofLift.What does a dirt detective do for a living? Im eager to watch this talk from soil scientist Asmeret Asefaw Berhe about how we can use soil to fight climate change. @TEDTalksA few months ago, Fred contributed a piece to my blog which outlined why educating the next generation of African leaders will be so important.By the end of the century, almost half of the young people in the world will be in sub-Saharan Africa..@FredSwaniker has an ambitious plan to unlock the talents of young Africans. I was thrilled to see him featured in the latest issue of #TIME100.Its hard for me to overstate how brave people who fight outbreaks are. They face a near-impossible task with grace under pressure:Congratulations @SueDHellmann on your 5th anniversary @gatesfoundation. Your leadership on some of the worlds toughest challenges inspires me.The worlds historic progress to #endpolio would not be possible without the strong commitment of partners like @MohamedBinZayed and the UAE:If you enjoyed the @Avengers this weekend, I think youll be inspired by these real-life heroes:Its amazing to think about the creative ways weve delivered vaccines over the years (even by dog sled, when necessary). Today, a startup called Zipline is even using delivery drones to reach the most remote parts of the world. #VaccinesWorkThe promise and perils of gene-editing might be the most important public debate we havent been having widely enough. I encourage you to read up on it whenever you have a chance. This @TheEconomist piece is a great place to start.One of my favorite authors, @sapinker, co-wrote a piece about why nuclear power is so important in fighting climate change. Its worth reading.Deaths from malaria have dropped 42% since 2000. Im as optimistic as ever that we can get to zero deaths in our generation: #WorldMalariaDayStories like this one from Kenya remind me of why Melinda and I started our foundation. I'm optimistic we will continue to make progress towards the day that no child dies from a preventable disease. #VaccinesWorkMelindas new book, The #MomentofLift, is out today:  She combines her mastery of data with her ability to tell powerful stories. It was a lot of fun watching her write it, and Im excited for all of you to read it.On #EarthDay, Im inspired by the inventors who are tackling climate change and all the people who are supporting their work. I cant wait to share their progress with you throughout the year.Melindas new book The #MomentofLift is an urgent call to action. Ill commit to the lift by working to ensure that we collect better data about womens lives and livelihoods.Gene drive is a technique where you give a few mosquitoes an edited gene and it drives itself into all their offspring. It could one day help us defeat diseases like malaria:Less than a century ago, families everywhere lived in fear of a mosquito bite. Now 75% of all malaria cases occur in just 15 countries. The partners fighting this disease wont rest until weve reached every case of malaria, while saving as many lives as possible along the way.3: Which of the following factors affect the spread of malaria? The answer is in my latest blog post:2: What kind of pathogen causes malaria? Find the answer here:Biology pop quiz! Test your knowledge about the worlds deadliest animal: the mosquito. 1: Of the 3,000 species of mosquitoes, how many are responsible for most cases of malaria? Read my post to find the answer:Heres one reason why I really, really hate mosquitoes: #MosquitoWeekIve been fascinated by Leonardo da Vinci for decades. Although he died 500 years ago, theres still so much to learn from his remarkable life:Precision maps are bringing us closer to the day when malaria is gone forever.Why I would rather encounter a shark in the wild than a mosquito: #MosquitoWeekIm proud that @Microsoft is one of the many companies taking action to fight climate change and excited about its leadership in using AI to accelerate progress on these challenges.To kick off #MosquitoWeek, I wrote about the worlds deadliest shapeshifter (and what scientists are learning about how to beat it).Shapeshifters are not just the stuff of science fiction, though. We have them right here on earth.Theres an epic scene at the end where Spock has to figure out which one is the impostor.As a teenager, I remember watching an episode of the original Star Trek where the bad guy is a shapeshifter who turns himself into a second Captain Kirk.When I was younger, I loved science fiction. The author I read the most was Robert Heinlein (The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress was a favorite).They're back... #MosquitoWeekYoung Africans will shape the future of not just their own communities but the entire world.Melinda and I were honored to join President Bush and Laura Bush @TheBushCenter. Their leadership of programs like @PEPFAR has helped save millions of lives around the world.I would say this even if I werent married to the author: @melindagatess new book The Moment of Lift is a terrific read. You can see for yourself by downloading a free excerpt:Ive learned so much from Melinda over the years and Im delighted she is now sharing her insights with the rest of the world:Ive recommended a lot of books over the years, but The #MomentofLift is particularly special to meIt also includes insights about our marriage, the path we took to become equals in our work, and how she has helped me grow as a father and husband.She shares her personal journey from private citizen to public advocate -- including how she pushed our foundation to focus more on womens empowerment.The Moment of Lift is a wise, honest, and beautifully written book about how empowering women lifts up everyone..@melindagates is the most important person in my life: an amazing partner, wife, mother, and friend (and now accomplished author!). Her new book is a terrific read that will leave you feeling enlightened and inspired:Of the many uses for AI, Im particularly excited about how it can help improve the lives of the worlds poorest.In the future, identifying your risk of developing Alzheimers could be as simple as speaking into an app on your phone:When Paul and I founded @Microsoft together, we were confident that computers would change the world. But we never could have imagined how much fun we would have along the way.Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from buildings is one of the five biggest challenges in the fight against climate change. I love that architects are looking to nature to find solutions.Most Americans want to know if they will get Alzheimers as early as possible. Thats an important insight for scientists as they work to improve diagnostic tools.Thanks to major breakthroughs over the last several years, were closer than ever to having a reliable, affordable, and easy-to-use way to diagnose Alzheimers.This surprised me: theres more carbon in soil than in the atmosphere and all plant life combined. Heres what that means for how we fight climate change:Pivot Bio has developed an alternative to synthetic fertilizer that could help transform farming and reduce greenhouse gas emissions:Im thrilled that senators from both sides of the aisle have come together to support advanced nuclear. This is exactly the kind of leadership our country needs to both solve the climate challenge and reassert our leadership in this important industry.Nuclear energy is one of these critical technologies. Its ideal for dealing with climate change, because it is the only carbon-free, scalable energy source thats available 24 hours a day.To prevent the worst effects of climate change, we need to reach near-zero emissions on all the things that drive itagriculture, electricity, manufacturing, transportation, and buildingsby investing in innovation across all sectors while deploying low cost renewables.Yesterday, a bipartisan group of leaders in the U.S. Senate introduced the Nuclear Energy Leadership Act, which establishes an ambitious plan to accelerate the development of advanced nuclear reactor technologies. I cant overstate how important this is.We need to reach zero net emissions from every sector of the economy including agriculture (which, along with forestry, and land use, is responsible for almost as much greenhouse gas emissions as electricity).Most discussions about fighting climate change focus on electricity and the need for renewable energy. De-carbonizing the way we generate electricity would be a huge step, but it wont be enough to avoid the worst effects of climate change.Five years ago, India was declared poliofree. Whenever someone asks me how they did it, I tell them about one of the countrys lowest castes: the Musahar.Im inspired by Azim Premjis continued commitment to philanthropy. His latest contribution will make a tremendous impact.Thanks to the incredible work of goat nurses, thousands of women in India have an opportunity to lift themselves and their families out of poverty:.@SueDHellmann recently sat down with @CDCFound to talk about how our foundation measures the impact of our partners and grantees. Its worth a listen:Meet the goat nurses, an incredible team of health workers who help women gain financial independence by raising healthier goats.2019 marks 150 years since the creation of the periodic table. Whenever people visit my office, I like to show them my favorite version. Its made out of samples of each element, and reminds me every day of why Im so fascinated by science and technology:If you believe innovation is for everyone, then I have a list for you: 10 challenges that the world needs your ideas to help solve.Diversity is good for innovation. This is a great conversation between @robotsmarts and @timnitGebru on the importance of representation and female leadership in tech.If you want to discover what makes a school great, theres no substitute for spending time in the classroom. I learned a lot from the students and teachers at this Chicago school:Medical advances should be available to everyone who needs them. Thats why Im excited about an inexpensive blood test that could help doctors predict if a baby will be born prematurely. This information would undoubtedly save lives.Its great to see leaders in Washington talking about accelerating energy innovation to fight climate change. This op-ed from @lisamurkowski and @Sen_JoeManchin is worth reading.I was lucky to be a young person when the digital revolution was just getting under way, and my Microsoft colleagues and I had the chance to help shape it. Celebrating #Web30 leaves me feeling nostalgic about 1995.Behind every progress report is a student story. As Yusef a senior at North-Grand High School in Chicago told me, he is seeing himself clearly in ways he couldnt before thanks to better data about his progress:When I visited Ethiopia last month, I was impressed by the governments commitment to gender equality. Ethiopian President @SahleWorkZewde explains why lifting up women benefits everyone.Melindas work on behalf of women and girls inspires me every day. I love this video she made for #IWD2019Tomorrow is #IWD2019 a day when we celebrate the progress made by and for women. To celebrate, @melindagates is sharing a chapter from her new book, The Moment of Lift, about the lessons shes learned from women around the world.I recently visited a high school that has gone from one of Chicagos worst to one of its best:By embracing data, research, and community, schools have an opportunity to help students succeed in high school, college, and beyond.Congrats on your 100th title @rogerfederer! Looking forward to seeing you soon.I had a great time chatting with a fellow tech enthusiast, @MKBHD. We talked about electric cars, AI, and how tech can give back.I was excited when I thought @MarkRober brought me a hamburger. Turns out it was a bottle of swamp waterReading is my favorite way to learn about a new subject. Here are 10 books that have shaped how Im thinking about technology today.Everything Ive learned about Leonardo da Vinci leads me to believe he was one of the most innovative thinkers ever. Heres what hes taught me about art, optimism, and innovation.Im a big fan of the MIT @techreview's annual list of breakthrough technologies so when they asked me to choose this years list, I jumped at the chance.Im on @reddit right now if you want to ask me anything:Hey @reddit, come ask me anything during my AMA at 10am.You cant improve things if you dont know whats going on with half the population.Who has the best musical taste in our family? Hint: Its not meEven as someone who enjoys reading textbooks (for fun), Im excited about the online tools replacing them:Since 2002, the @GlobalFund and its partners have saved 27 million lives. This shows whats possible when we act on the idea that all of us have a stake in the health and well-being of the poorest:The correct answer is: AfricaWhile the world gets older, one continent is staying (nearly) the same age. Which continents median age has stayed basically flat? Check your answer here:.@MelindaGates explains how mobile phones can help connect marginalized people to their communities, their bank accounts, and more:If you believe every student should have a chance to learn how to code, nominate your favorite teacher for a @codeorg scholarship:The world keeps getting older, but Africa stays the same age. It sounds confusing, but it makes sense when you break it down:Electricity accounts for just 25% of greenhouse gas emissions. We need breakthroughs in five key areas to prevent the worst climate-change scenarios:I wish more people fully understood what it will take to stop climate change. I break down the five grand challenges we face (using squishy toys):Even if your primary concern is the welfare of your fellow citizens, these investments are overwhelmingly smart things to do. Progress benefits everyone. Heres how:At a time when bad news seems to dominate the headlines every day, I want to keep reminding people that life is getting better for millions in the worlds poorest countries, thanks in part to smart investments in health.You probably wont be too surprised to learn that I love a good cheeseburger. But you may be surprised by some of the things you read in our annual letter:Melinda and I are live with @wkamaubell and hundreds of high school students talking about how surprises can move us to action:In our 2019 Annual Letter, we wrote about the things that have surprised us over the years. Some worry us. Others inspire us. All of them are moving us to action.Health is a catalyst for economic growth. I enjoyed hearing from @CyrilRamaphosa about how South Africa is investing in its human capital..@PMEthiopia Abiy Ahmed is a champion for diversity and gender equality. I enjoyed talking with him while in Addis Ababa.Under @PaulKagame, Rwanda has become a leader in promoting health across the continent. We had a great conversation about the importance of continued health investment.This is an interesting take from @RahmEmanuel about challenging your assumptions of what makes a good school.In 2009, my friend @NandanNilekani was tapped by the government of India to turn its vision for a digital ID system into a reality. A decade later, nearly all of Indias 1.3 billion residents are enrolled in this impressive program:I enjoyed serving as @TIME first-ever guest editor last year, and I was excited when I heard that @ava would be taking the helm this year. Congrats, Ava, on a great issue highlighting the power of art and optimism.Energy innovation is the best investment we can make to prevent the worst effects of climate change. @btenergy just released a new report with @ErnestMoniz and @DanielYergin outlining near-term actions to bring more clean energy technologies to market.Nandan Nilekani is one of India's leading technology entrepreneurs. He and I are both optimistic about the potential of secure digital ID systems to improve peoples lives:When @melindagates and I started our foundation, we knew our investments would be high-risk, high-reward. Melinda explains why the returns have been greater than we ever could have imagined.One billion people dont have an official proof of identity. One of Indias leading technology entrepreneurs is working to change that:Some good news in the Ebola fight: nearly 64,000 vaccine doses have been administered so far. Great partnership between @gavi, @WHO, and @Merck.Global health organizations turned a $10 billion investment into $200 billion in benefits. You cant beat that deal:I love this series from @HumanProgress. I wish I could have met Norman Borlaug, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate whose work in agriculture has greatly influenced my thinking.Its hard to beat this #10YearChallenge:I look at a lot of global health data, and one trend stands above the rest: Global health groups like @gavi, @GlobalFund, GPEI and @theGFF are some of the best investments the world can make.Global health organizations are the best investments that Melinda and I have ever made. I look forward to continue working with you to advocate for health financing, @DrTedros.Im in Davos to talk about the best returns on investment Ive ever seen: #wef19.@reidhoffmans podcast is insightful for leaders at any level. I enjoyed hearing him describe how the best leaders make everyone a hero.Martin Luther King Jr. inspired civil rights legend @repjohnlewis to get in good trouble. On #MLKDay, heres the congressmans advice for young people.I saw two positive trends in Alzheimers research in 2018: fresh ideas and better data. Heres how we can make even more progress in 2019.This is one of my favorite infographics. A lot of people underestimate just how much life has improved over the last two centuries:You cant beat this ROI.If were going to win the fight against poverty, we have to be able to reach the worlds poorest people. Drones could be a powerful tool in reaching the last mile.Congratulations to the Indian government on the first 100 days of @AyushmanNHA. Its great to see how many people have been reached by the program so far. @PMOIndiaThe world needs energy breakthroughs that improve peoples lives without contributing to climate change. As @IEA highlights in its latest report, governments have an incredible opportunity to shape the future of energy.Theres never been a better time to be a student of robotics. I cant wait to see what these brilliant minds discover in the years ahead:Good news you might have missed in 2018.When you hear the word robot, what comes to mind? At Harvard, I saw some surprising inventions that challenge our popular images of robots:There's no question that it was a tough year for a lot of people. But @NickKristof makes a convincing case for why 2018 was actually the best year in human history.I cant think of a better person to bring these stories to light. Congratulations, @Malala.I recently visited @Harvard to learn more about robotics research. It was exciting to speak with the many young people drawn to this rapidly growing field.Melinda and I have gotten really into meditation. If youre thinking about trying mindfulness in 2019, this is the perfect introduction:When I was in my 20s, my year in review would amount to just one question: Is Microsoft software making the personal-computing dream come true? These are the questions Im asking myself today: #TBTHappy anniversary, @melindagates. I cant wait to spend 25 more years laughing together.I hope you have a happy and healthy start to 2019.In the meantime, Melinda and I are working on our next Annual Letter, which were going to send out in February.Although Ive never been one for New Years resolutions, Im making one for 2019: Im committing to learn and think more about the balance between privacy and security, as well as the use of technology in education.Gene editing might be the most important public debate were not having right now. Read up on it whenever you have a chance. Even better, read @DrSidMukherjees The Gene.The good news is that there has been progress toward a vaccine that would protect you from every possible strain of the flu. But the world still needs to develop a global system for responding to epidemics.I had hoped that hitting the 100th anniversary of the Spanish flu would spark a lot of discussion about whether were ready for the next global epidemic. Unfortunately, it didnt, and we still are not ready.Some people think we have all the clean-energy sources we need to stop climate change. But we dont. As I wrote earlier this year, the world needs to be working on lots of solutions to stop climate change.This year @btenergy, the clean-energy investment fund Im involved with, announced the first companies were putting money into.Almost a decade ago, I predicted that the world would soon be polio free. But we had more polio cases in 2018 than in 2017. Even so, I remain optimistic that we could eradicate polio soon.Just over a year ago, I made my first investment in Alzheimers research. Im hopeful that we can make a lot of progress in the coming years.1/ What a year. If youre anything like me, youre taking stock of your work and your life, and wondering where all the time went. Here are a few of my thoughts as 2018 wraps up.The books that kept me up reading in 2018:Im excited to share a project Im involved with to bring Leonardo da Vincis work to life.New report from @TheAEIC shows the importance of federal investments in R&D to developing cleaner energy technologies like advanced nuclear, energy storage, and carbon capture.This year I asked my Secret Santa (one of my favorite @reddit traditions) to give to a cause that matters to them. My Santa is helping a young girl continue her education in a refugee camp through @theIRC:New data. New insights. New discoveries. These are just a few of the reasons why @gatesfoundation kept me optimistic in 2018:This one-of-a-kind device brings you closer than ever to one of historys greatest thinkers:Im a fan of everything @harari_yuval has written, and his latest book is no exception.I am an optimist. For me that means that Im inspired to look for people making progress, and to help spread that progress as widely as possible. Here are some of those areas.Tara Westover didnt step foot in a classroom until she was 17. At 32, shes written one of the best books of the year. I was thrilled to sit down with her to talk about her remarkable life:I often talk about how much progress weve made in health and energy. Turns out, the same thing can be said about innovation in sports: @TEDTalksThis book is a must read for anyone interested in AI, machine learning, and machine vision.Since 2000, @gavi has vaccinated 700 million children, saving more than 10 million lives. That kind of progress is thanks to the many Gavi alliance partners, including the UAE. #vaccinesworkWhen it comes to meditation, @andypuddicombe turned me from a skeptic to a believer.Good news in the fight against TB: More and more South Africans are surviving the disease:Melinda explains why the next great programmer wont look anything like me (which is good for them, and for the world).My kids tease me for being the most competitive person in our family. My latest challenge? A game called Guess the Philosopher with @tarawestover:Its no wonder Hollywood is turning this book into a movie. I couldnt put it down.Brilliant engineers and scientists around the world are working hard to get the next generation of toilets off the ground. And then there is Ronny Chieng...Everyone could use a few more books in their lives. You cant go wrong with one of these five.Five of the books I couldnt put down in 2018:One of my favorite authors, @sapinker, sums up why history is an imperfect guide for progress: If history is about all the wars, all the disasters, youre missing all this incremental improvement that can only be ascertained through data.Tuberculosis has haunted humanity for millenniaits even been found in Egyptian mummies. This is the story of a doctor on the frontlines of the fight against one of the worlds oldest diseases:If youre a science and data nerd like me, you may be interested in Alice and Bob Meet the Wall of Fire and The Prime Number Conspiracy from @QuantaMagazine and @7homaslin.Thanks to brilliant scientists in South Africa and around the world, there are signs of hope in the fight against TB.Before we got married, Melinda and I talked about how we would give back. We agreed that, once youve taken care of your family, the best use of extra wealth is to help make the world a better place. Join us in one of our favorite traditions #GivingTuesdayLast week I wrote about why I enjoy watching the @HBO series Silicon Valley. Here are six more shows worth catching up on. via @LikewiseCan we grow enough food to feed the world? Agricultural transformation is at the heart of reducing poverty and creating prosperity:Considering the impact Silicon Valley has on our lives, Im surprised how rarely pop culture gets it right. To understand how it works today, you should watch @SiliconHBO. Personally, I identify most with Richard Hendricks:These six toilets could change the world: #WorldToiletDayThe future is bright for the worlds poorest farmers because of innovative companies like @myAgroFarms:Ive been impressed by @CapriaVCs work over the last several years and applaud @VulcanInc's investment in the firm.Well said, @MaxCRoser. Being an optimist doesnt mean you ignore tragedy.Farm yields in many parts of Africa are just a fifth of those in the United States. Innovations in agriculture will make it possible for poor farmers to increase their yields:Whenever I travel for the foundation, the farmers I meet talk about one thing that holds them back: they cant save their money. @myAgroFarms is one of the companies working on creative solutions to this problem.I just shared the stage with a beaker of poop in China. Seriously. Here's why:The toilet hasnt really changed in more than a century. But a new generation of technology could save millions of lives.There are few things I love talking about more than toilets.Climate change may be the toughest problem humanity has ever faced but it's solvable. Washington has a unique opportunity to lead the way as a hub for innovation on clean energy. I urge you to vote yes on 1631. Ballots must be in the mail by Tuesday.A compelling look at how advocates and energy sector leaders are working together to tackle the real drivers of climate change..@ava I cant wait to see which stories you shine a light on in the next @TIME Optimist issue. I was thrilled to contribute.Im at @Stanford today to talk about energy innovation. To prevent the worst effects of climate change, we need to get to zero net greenhouse gas emissions in every sector of the economy within 50 years. Heres how we can do it: #StanfordGEFThailands Mr. Condom has taught people that there is no reason to be shy about talking about sexual health:Can we end extreme poverty? I believe we can get close.Technology is not an end in itself. What matters is how we use it to enhance peoples opportunities. As @melindagates writes in @CNN, thats where the magic happens.In a country where most people were uneasy discussing sex, Mechai Viravaidya pushed the conversation out into the open. Thanks to his efforts, Thailand became one of the first countries to achieve a decline in HIV infections:When people in Thailand want a condom, they dont call it a condom. Instead, they refer to it by the name of the man who taught them the importance of using one:Rwandas health system has become a model for other nations to follow. The countrys example should inspire all leaders to renew their commitments to primary health care. #Astana2018In his home country, The Condom King doesnt need an introduction. Mechai Viravaidyas extraordinary life and work in global health has helped improve the lives of millions of people in Thailand.A polio-free future is within reach. @TVAshleigh is hosting @Rotarys #WorldPolioDay event to highlight the road ahead. Heres how to tune-in now.We must take bold steps to end polio for good. Two of the leaders of in this effort, @RotaryRassin and @DrTedros, share what it will take to finish the job. #WorldPolioDayAs long as polio exists anywhere, it is a threat to children everywhere. The progress that weve made is thanks to the heroic efforts of health workers, governments, partners, and donors who are working to reach every child. #WorldPolioDayFew people tell stories as well as Melinda. Whenever she gets back from a trip, I always love hearing her talk about the places she went and the people she met. Thats one of the reasons why Im excited about her new book.I try to visit India at least once a year, and every time Im excited by something new that our foundations partners are working on. Here are a few notable updates from the @BMGFIndia team: #StrongerTogetherOver the next year, I will be writing a lot about the effort to stop climate change. If youre interested in a first look at what Im reading and learning, join the Gates Notes community:In my home state, climate change is on the ballot. Heres why Im voting @Yeson1631 and why Im encouraging my fellow Washingtonians to do the same.If all the cattle in the world joined together to start their own country, they would be the third-largest emitter of greenhouse gases. Here are four more mind-blowing facts about climate change:We need the worlds brightest minds working on preventing the worst effects of climate change. Im placing my bets in five key areas:How many drivers would have to switch to electric cars to equal the annual emissions saved by replacing one coal power plant with a nuclear plant? Check your answer here and see if you can beat my score on the rest of this climate change quiz:Im in Brussels this week to sign an agreement between Breakthrough Energy and the @EU_Commission. Were creating a pilot fund that will invest 100 million in European companies working to stop climate change.Paul deserved more time in life. He would have made the most of it. I will miss him tremendously.Creativity is how the younger generations will solve the worlds toughest problems. What will you create? #HourOfCodeThe balloon that helped me take this selfie could help us win the fight against poverty. Heres how it works:Data can help farmers improve their yields and increase their incomes. A team of amazing researchers has developed a series of innovations that might one day put -changing information in the hands of even the poorest farmers:Of all the things Ive discussed with @reidhoffman, one of the most thought-provoking might be blitzscaling. Im glad Reid and @chrisyeh are sharing their insights on how to start and scale companies in their new book.I just shared a new list on @Likewise. These books make me optimistic about the world and help me understand the role of innovation in driving progress.The leadership of @narendramodi and the Indian government has played an important role in improving sanitation. Now is the time to build on the success of @swachhbharat.Ive been traveling to African countries regularly for more than two decades. I wish others could come along so they could see what I see: a young continent filled with optimism and innovation.Clean energy is one of the smartest investments our country can make. @ARPAE is leading the way with some exciting new investments in energy storage.Congratulations to @DenisMukwege on receiving this years Nobel Peace Prize. He and his team have helped more than 50,000 survivors of sexual violence rebuild their lives.Congratulations to @NadiaMuradBasee on receiving this years Nobel Peace Prize. Melinda and I met Nadia at our Goalkeepers event last month, and were deeply moved by her humanity and compassion.Addressing climate change will require unprecedented innovation. I recently spent time with the world-class leadership team @btenergy, and Im excited about the potential represented by these investments.Innovation can happen anywhere. In @TheEconomist, I argue that the best way to guarantee that everyone benefits from the next great idea is to maintain strong ties around the world. #OpenFuture.@Likewise is a great new app that makes it easy to save and share recommendations with friends and family. Its been a lot of fun working with the team at Likewise, and Im excited to see what you think of it.In his great book Born A Crime, @Trevornoah shared that his mother instilled in him a sense that his ideas and thoughts and decisions mattered. On @TheDailyShow, we talked about how we can ensure all young people believe in their power and potential:I am saddened to hear @PaulGAllens non-Hodgkins lymphoma has returned, but I share his optimism about the progress in medicine and admire his tenacity. He can beat this again.Ive never seen a story quite like @scottharrisons: A former club promoter, he has become one of the worlds leading voices on water and sanitation. Congrats Scott on #ThirstBook.Audio for your morning: why we need to advocate for the future, today. @WillMacAskill @TEDTalksBy 2035, Africa will have the largest workforce in the world. Investing in young peoples health and education is the best way to make the most of this opportunity:Selase Kove-Seyram traveled the route that tomatoes take from farm to table. Along the way, he learned how food and untapped human potential could hold the key to his countrys success: #Goalkeepers18Cant wait to catch up with @Trevornoah on @TheDailyShow tonight.We need energy breakthroughs that dont contribute to climate change. Fellow innovators and investors: lets do this. #OnePlanetSummitYoung people like #Goalkeepers18 winners @NadiaMuradBasee, @AmikaGeorge, and Dysmus Kisilu arent just the leaders of tomorrow, theyre the leaders of today. Im optimistic that global progress will continueas long as we invest in young people..@EmmanuelMacron Thank you for joining Melinda and me at #Goalkeepers18 and for inspiring the crowd with your message on global health, climate, and education: Lets build your future. Its yours.#Goalkeepers18 is here. You can keep up with all of the action live here.My #Goalkeepers18 session tomorrow has two very exciting guests: Sierra Leone President Julius Maada Bio and Sierra Leone CIO @dsengeh. Join us live on @YouTube:Whats in the #Goalkeepers18 report? More eye-popping charts like this one:In Zimbabwe, female sex workers odds of having HIV are 11 times higher than the general population. Outreach workers are helping to change that: #Goalkeepers18Leaders are born as well as made, but when they are born in Africa, they are not always recognized. Former Malawian president @DrJoyceBanda is driving the recognition and development of young female leaders in Africa.In 1990, 36% of the worlds population was living on less than $1.90/day. How have things changed since then? Check our Global Goals quiz to learn the answer: #Goalkeepers18Meet the new generation of young Africans making progress possible: #Goalkeepers18I think about my daughter every day, and I think about what she deserves. Im going to give that to every kid.  @_MrHand, Im inspired by your dedication to your students and your craft. Congrats on being named Washington State Teacher of the Year.We need a better way of diagnosing Alzheimers. Brilliant scientists and advocates like @a_hfillit and a new initiative called Diagnostics Accelerator are moving us one step closer to being able to slow the progress of the disease.If we focus on diagnostics, data-sharing, and bold innovation, we can drastically reduce the impact of Alzheimers and we need your help. As @mariashriver says, big thinkers are welcomed to this fight. #WorldAlzheimersDayIs poverty inevitable? I say no and so does the data: #Goalkeepers18Looking forward to spending time with President @EmmanuelMacron at #Goalkeepers18.Ghanaian entrepreneur @FredSwaniker is empowering a new generation of African leaders, innovators, and problem-solvers. #Goalkeepers18What keeps Melinda and me optimistic about the world? Our belief in the power of innovation to redefine whats possible and in the ability of young people to drive economic growth and social progress: #Goalkeepers18Congrats to @LuisvonAhn on receiving the Lemelson-MIT Prize. You and your team at @Duolingo have done an incredible job making foreign language learning accessible to everyone.22-year-old Rwandan Jeanne dArc Girubuntu grew up riding her single-speed bike to fetch water for her family. Now, shes racing around the world and blazing pathways for female athletes:This meeting is also a chance to celebrate the unsung heroes in the global fight against TB. When it comes to saving lives, the most unlikely heroes can make a world of difference:Next week, the United Nations General Assembly will host a high-level meeting on a huge global problem: tuberculosis. This meeting is an important opportunity to catalyze action on a disease for which progress has been too slow.I know and care about these people. Watch 25-year-old community health worker Maria Namhindi talk about how shes working and walking to shape her countrys future:New 360 video: they said he was too poor to be a pilot, but Daniel Zuma proved everyone wrong.22-year-old Rwandan Yvette Ishimwe is tackling her countrys water problem and catching the attention of the Queen of England:The world has never been better, but not everyone has reaped the benefits. So its great to see Mackenzie & @JeffBezos are launching two bold initiatives to help some of the most vulnerable people in our communities. I cant wait to see the difference their work makes.Tenaw Muluye is helping his country grow literally. The 25-year-old Ethiopian is an agricultural extension agent, one of 72,000 people teaching the country's farmers how to get the most out of their land and rise out of poverty.To have inclusive innovation, companies need to have diverse teams. Thats why Im excited about @melindagatess recent work on increasing pathways for women of color to enter tech.Melinda and I believe in the enormous potential of young people to drive progress and innovation. That's why we're focusing on the growing global youth population at #Goalkeepers18:What is the worlds youngest continent? Check your answer here:There are plenty of reasons to be optimistic that we can alter the course of Alzheimers. One of those reasons is bipartisan support for more @NIH funded research from forward-thinking leaders like @PattyMurray and @RoyBlunt.Sixty percent of Africans are under the age of 25. To see Africa through their eyes is to see a continent brimming with potential and opportunity:I dont always agree with @harari_yuvals conclusions, but I have a tremendous amount of respect for his intellect and ambition as a writer. In @nytimesbooks, I review his new book, 21 Lessons for the 21st Century.The Academy for Software Engineering, a public high school in New York, is using computer science concepts to inspire the next generation of innovators:A good report from @mitenergy on developing advanced nuclear reactors that are safe, nearly waste-free, and can help us fight climate change.On the eve of the #USOpen championships, Im excited to watch great champions battle out on the court.  Im also thinking about Arthur Ashe. Its been half a century since his victory at the first Open, but his impact is still being felt today.Like all of his books, @harari_yuvals 21 Lessons for the 21st Century is focused on big questions. Harari has a lot of great answersand a few I disagreed with in my review for @nytimesbooks.Computer science changed the course of my life. I recently visited a public high school that hopes to do the same thing for young people in New York:My friend Bono knows better than anyone what brings people together. In @faznet, he argues that European leaders need to appeal to people's hearts, not just their heads..@afsenyc is doing great work preparing its students for life after high school, and for a lifetime of asking how does it work? and how can I make it better?When I wanted to learn something outside of school as a kid, cracking open my encyclopedia was the best I could do. Today, you just have to go online. For students headed back to school (and learners of all ages), here are my favorite learning hacks:SHOFCO co-founder @KennedyOdede is part of a new generation of African leaders working towards a better, brighter future for all young people. Congrats to Kennedy and @JessRPosner on receiving this years #HiltonPrize.Im excited that our foundation is partnering with networks of schools. Heres a short video explaining how were working to address gaps in opportunity and achievement between students.Income can often tell you more about how people live than location can. Whenever I visit a new place, I look for clues about which income level local families live on. These clues tell me a lot about the people there.From 2007 to 2015, the percentage of students on track to graduate from Chicago high schools rose from 61% to 85%. And four-year college enrollment rates went from 36% to 44%. Kenwood Academy is part of a network of schools driving that success.I wish every student could have a teacher like @MandyRheaWrites:Great leadership by PM @theresa_may and her government. Foreign aid makes the UK more secure, prevents diseases, strengthens markets, and saves lives. #AidWorksWind and solar wont reach their potential until we vastly improve energy storage. There are some exciting companies working in this space (like @Bill_Gross and Andrea Pedrettis Energy Vault), but we need even more innovation.Every student in America deserves a great education.My thoughts are with John McCain's family, friends, and colleagues. His passing is a loss for our country..@MandyRheaWrites never expected to become National Teacher of the Year. But now that she is, her platform has helped more teachers get involved in education policy.Scientists announced last week that they have finally cracked the wheat genome. This is incredibly exciting news and could have a positive impact on global food security:I recently sat down with a super-talented teacher named Mandy Manning. Her approach to helping immigrant and refugee teens succeed inspires me:Melinda and I are big fans of @DonorsChoose. Find a project that inspires you, and our foundation will give your donation a boost:National Teacher of the Year Mandy Manning is one of the most remarkable educators I have ever met. Her dedication to helping her students succeed, despite the odds, fills me with hope.I hate mosquitoes. The diseases they spread kill more than half a million people every year. In fact, mosquitoes kill more people in one day than sharks kill in 100 years: #WorldMosquitoDayKofi Annan was one of the great peacemakers of our time. I was fortunate to have the opportunity to work with him on many occasions. Im sad to learn of his death.If you want to understand why this matters, I highly recommend the new book Capitalism Without Capital by @haskelecon and @stianwestlake. Heres my review:The portion of the global economy that doesnt fit the old model just keeps getting larger. But the rules that govern the economy havent kept up. This is one of the biggest trends in the global economy that isnt getting enough attention.Unlike the goods that powered our economy in the past, software is an intangible asset -- something you cant touch. And its not the only example: data, insurance, e-books, even movies work in similar ways.But software doesnt work like this. Microsoft might spend a lot of money to develop the first unit of a new program, but every unit after that is virtually free to produce.This chart assumes that the total cost of production increases as supply increases. When a car company makes a new vehicle, the 10th car costs the same to manufacture as the 1000th.At the time I was in college, this was basically how the global economy worked...My friend @PaulGAllen's @LivingComputers Museum & Lab is a great place to learn about the tech revolution and what will come next. (It also has a working Altair 8800 very cool)One in five students who plan to attend college dont actually enroll. @GeorgiaStateU, a school I visited last year, used chatbots to reduce summer melt by 21%:Congrats to @PearlJam on bringing together so many incredible partners and fans to fight homelessness in my hometown of Seattle. This is the kind of leadership we need more of in our city and beyond. #TheHomeShowsIn celebration of #BookLoversDay, here are five of my recent favorites. I think youll find theres something for everyone:What fuels my optimism for the future? The data (because it tells a pretty remarkable story).The transformation of Rwandas health system has its roots in a very simple, but powerful belief: everyone deserves a shot at a healthy life, no matter their income, ethnic group, or where they call home.Foreign aid is one of the best investments that the U.S. can make. Now is the time to strengthen programs like @PEPFAR.The world is facing some big challenges. Im always thrilled to read about companies that find bold solutions..@theGFF helps countries to develop low-cost, high-impact solutions to their pressing health problems. Kangaroo care is a great example of the interventions that they promote:Great storytellers make complex topics easily accessible. @DrSidMukherjee and @KenBurns are two of the best I know, so Im thrilled to see them working together.Sometimes life-saving interventions are remarkably simple:I talk a lot about new inventions that are saving lives around the world. But some breakthrough ideas dont involve any technology at all.Excellent news. The success against Ebola in the DRC underscores the importance of investing to prepare for future outbreaks.I had a great conversation with @TeamGleason when I met him a few years ago. Im thrilled to see how @Microsoft has taken his challenge to use technology to empower others.I read @TheEconomist cover-to-cover because its content makes me think critically about the world. Its editors recently asked me a tough question: What is the one thing you'd do to create a more open world? See my answer below and share your answer here:Global health hero @rajpanjabi has dedicated his life to delivering basic health care to people who live beyond the reach of the health system:We need more data sharing to increase our chances of finding an Alzheimers breakthrough. @NIH Dr. Richard Hodes is a leading figure in this field, and I learned a lot from reading his #AAIC18 remarks.We need a reliable, affordable, and accessible diagnostic for Alzheimers disease. If you have a bold idea, I encourage you to apply for funding on the new Diagnostics Accelerator website:Alzheimers research is one of the most exciting frontiers of science. Im optimistic we can alter the course of the disease if we make progress in five key areas, including the development of a better diagnostic:.@mariashriver the opportunity to learn from you and other members of the Alzheimers community has made me more optimistic than ever.Nelson Mandela was tireless in his pursuit of equality and justice for all. As we celebrate #Mandela100, lets resolve to do everything we can to create the world he dreamed of. #MandelaDayI'm excited to share that my next investment in Alzheimers research is in a new fund from @TheADDF called Diagnostics Accelerator. Im joining Leonard Lauder and other philanthropists in committing over $30M to develop a new way to diagnose Alzheimers.In Liberia, health workers travel far and wide to make sure no patient is out of reach:This is one of the rare times when I will share bad news: Were still not ready for the next epidemic. (But we can be.) @edyong209I want to change the world, and education is the best way to do it. I support @khanacademy because of students like Anjali.What I learned from a remarkable doctor about bringing healthcare to some of the most remote places on earth:I hope youll join me to work for a world where every girl can learn and lead without fear. @Malala's mission inspires me today and every day. #MalalaDayNo one should die because they live too far from a doctor. Heres how @rajpanjabi and his team are trying to make that vision a reality.People are living longer, healthier lives than ever before. Here are three more signs the world is getting better:Sierra Leone is doing better at beating back neglected tropical diseases than almost anywhere else on the continent:Is life getting better or worse? @MaxCRoser breaks down the data:This @TIME article on @NREL highlights just one example of the amazing work that goes on inside Americas national labs.This is a great example of how data is making it easier for researchers to identify novel targets and mechanisms for Alzheimers disease. We need more data sharing to increase our chances of finding a breakthrough.In January 1975, Popular Electronics featured the Altair 8800 on its cover. When my friend @PaulGAllen showed me that issue, I knew it would change our lives forever:Melinda and I are huge fans of This is Us, so it was a real treat for us to see @SterlingKBrown speak at our daughter Jenns graduation. His message to graduates was simple yet profound: Do not be afraid to let your light shine.This is just one of many amazing projects I had a chance to see at @OpenAI, where theyre working to ensure as many people benefit from AI as possible. This is an incredibly important mission, and Im excited to see more of their work.#AI bots just beat humans at the video game Dota 2. Thats a big deal, because their victory required teamwork and collaboration a huge milestone in advancing artificial intelligence.Fact #3: The world is making progress against extreme poverty.Fact #2: Since 1960, the number of children born per woman has fallen by half.Fact #1: Fewer children are dying before the age of 5.Here are three facts from the site that Max thinks everyone should knowBased at the @UniofOxford, Our World in Data uses statistics to give you insight into how living conditions are improving around the world..@MaxCRoser is one of my favorite data nerds and his website Our World in Data is a gold mine for impatient optimists like me.More than 25 years later, Warren and I have never run out of things to laugh about:If youre interested in donating your time or resources but dont know where to start, @TheEconomist recently highlighted one approach to giving that might give you some ideas.Earlier this month, the world lost one of the greatest vaccine creators of our time. Dr. Adel Mahmoud saved the lives of countless children.Tomorrow is the longest day of the year. While this is a cause for celebration for most of us, that may not be the case for people living with Alzheimers. All of us should be able to enjoy #TheLongestDayand we need a breakthrough to fulfill that goal:My friend @WarrenBuffett plays a mean pinball.Keeping vaccines cold when youre delivering them to the most remote places on earth is a tough challenge. I asked a group of brilliant inventors to help solve this problem and they came up with two game-changing innovations:Im excited about a revolutionary invention thats already helping more kids get vaccinated: #vaccinesworkCollaboration is key to our work at the foundation. @hbuffett's new book "Social Value Investing" explores how to make partnerships even more effective at tackling big problems:Two of the things I love most about my job are getting to see amazing innovations and talk to remarkable people. On a recent trip, I got to do both.World-class engineers and artists are working together to design bionic limbs for children with disabilities:I recently visited an incredible non-profit called @Limbitless3D that is working to change the way the world thinks about artificial limbs.Progress is not a matter of faith or optimism, but is a fact of human history, indeed the greatest fact in human history. A stirring TED Talk from one of my favorite authors @sapinker. @TEDTalksI consider myself lucky to call Seattle home, and am thrilled that one of Seattles favorite local bands @PearlJam is bringing together so many partners and fans to fight homelessness. #TheHomeShowsIf youre getting a degree from a U.S. college this spring, I have a present for you. Download a free copy of one of my favorite books:Im thrilled that the Giving Pledge is becoming truly global. Melinda and I are pleased to welcome the addition of 14 more philanthropists from Canada, India, the UAE, and the U.S.My wish for you at this special time is to learn to think, and act, factfully. Congratulations, and good luck!When we have a fact-based worldview, he writes, we can see that the world is not as bad as it seemsand we can see what we have to do to keep making it better.I hope you enjoy Factfulness as much as I did. And I hope you take Hanss advice to heart.Dear Class of 2018: Congratulations! To prepare you for the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead, I have a gift for you (and yes, its a book):Dr. @denismukwege has witnessed unimaginable human suffering, and yet is one of the most optimistic people Ive ever met. His story gives me hope:Congratulations to @AminaJMohammed and @UN for the adoption today of bold new reforms. I look forward to continuing our work together toward achieving the Sustainable Development Goals:I thought I knew pretty much everything there was to know about Abraham Lincoln. But I recently read a book that surprised me.I will never forget meeting @DenisMukwege. He and his staff have helped more than 50,000 survivors of sexual violence rebuild their lives.Looking forward to being back in Beijing for the New Economy Forum with @MikeBloomberg. Im excited to explore how China can help drive innovation in health and development:.@BigHistoryPro is my favorite course of all time. Its creator, @davidgchristian, has condensed the big history story into a terrific new book.Any commencement speaker can encourage young people to live up to their potential. But these graduates deserve more than encouragement; they deserve action. @melindagates describes how to empower this years graduates.Im fortunate to own one of the 32 surviving journals of Leonardo da Vinci, so I was eager to read @WalterIsaacsons new Leonardo biography. It did not disappoint:Progress is sometimes hard to seebut when you look at the facts, things are looking up:Were teaming up with #RedNoseDay to fight child poverty. Learn how you can get involved at.@KatecBowlers memoir belongs on the shelf alongside other great books about mortality, like When Breath Becomes Air and Being Mortal.Ive read some terrific books lately. Here are a few you might want to try this summer. Also, puppies (CC @CuteEmergency):From Lincoln to Leonardo, I hope you enjoy my summer reading list.At @MDCollege, smarter advising is helping students go further faster.Glad to see this story told. Im always inspired by the local leaders and health workers involved in the fight to #endpolio.In the early days of Microsoft, I felt pretty confident about my coding skills, but I had a lot to learn about management. I wish I had @johndoerrs new book back then.France has been a leading champion in the fight against HIV/AIDS, TB, and malaria. Their generosity has helped us make terrific progress.I recently caught a glimpse at the future of higher ed:My visit to @UCF made me wish I could be a college student all over again.Exciting to see how digital tech combined with human ingenuity is transforming the lives of the worlds poorest farmers.Dollar Street is a beautiful reminder that we all have more in common than we think:Cat ladies are everywhere, nearly everyone has a cell phone, and other surprising things youll learn on Dollar Street:Im obsessed with this website.Im incredibly optimistic about Indias future, which is one reason why Im pleased to invest again in the countrys leading impact venture fund.Blanche Caffiere changed my life. She kept me challenged and engaged at a time when I easily could have gotten turned off by school: #ThankATeacherReal-world superheroes rarely make the headlines. But what if that wasn't the case? A stirring piece by Bollywood actor @SrBachchan.The students who joined Melinda and me for this @60Minutes segment are incredible role models for other young people. We learned a lot from talking with them.Americas financial aid system is failing the students who need it the most:A universal flu vaccine would be a huge boon to global health. Thats why our foundation is partnering with the Page family to fund researchers working on innovative approaches.Of all the low-income high school seniors who qualify for federal student loans or grants, only half apply. Here are three steps we can take to change that:A low-income student is five times less likely than a high-income student to have a college degree by age 24. Heres how we can fix that.Were not ready for the next epidemic but we can be.Last summer, I asked my followers to help me distribute 100,000 bed nets through @WorldVisionUSA. In this photo essay, you can see how those nets are making a difference in Mozambique:This simple intervention could be an effective and scalable approach to saving childrens lives.I always enjoy being back at my alma materVaccines are a miracle. We have a shared responsibility to ensure that all children, no matter where they live, have a shot at life. #VaccinesWorkToday is #WorldMalariaDay. Join me in my latest VR video to find out what it will take to #endmalaria:Have #malaria deaths increased or decreased over the last 15 years? Check you answer here:A mind-blowing fact...mosquitoes will kill more people today than sharks do in a century:Mosquitoes are the greatest killers of all time. We have killed more people than all the wars in history. But no one is impressed by me. #IAmHartmutIn 2016, sharks killed four people in the entire world. Diseases spread by mosquitoes killed more than half a million people. So why do sharks get their own week and not me? #IAmHartmutWhy does everyone hate mosquitoes? #IAmHartmutThis is a pivotal moment. We need to adapt to the climate change that is already affecting the planet, and develop new tools that will keep the problem from getting worse. Innovation is key to doing both. #EarthDay2018Data nerds like me will enjoy this @planetmoney episode featuring one of my favorite economists, @MaxCRoser.Congrats to WA State Teacher of the Year @MandyRheaWrites on being named National Teacher of the Year. Youve made our state proud, and Im excited to sit down with you later this year.@rogerfederer @TIME .@rogerfederer Its a pleasure to follow your amazing work on and off the court.This is how well win the war against malaria:Congrats to my friend @johndoerr on Measure What Matters. John is right: companies cant improve what they dont measure.As an investor, Im always on the lookout for the next big idea. Thats why I was excited when our foundation signed on to @TheAudaciousPrj an innovative way to fund bold non-profits. Here is the first round of winners:The UK is an indispensable partner in the fight against malaria. Im excited about what we can continue to achieve together. #CHOGM18The world has made incredible progress in the fight against malaria -- but we cant stop now.Congrats @Trevornoah on the launch of your foundation. I cant wait to see what you accomplish..@MohamedBinZayed and the UAE's strong commitment to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative is one reason we're closer than ever to ending polio.1,200 scientists, 65,000 local officials, 140,000 industry representatives, and 21 million farmers. This is a story about how data can help change the world.Metamaterials are making the leap from lab to market. Heres why theyre such an exciting area of research.Can one person really make a difference? Here is one reason why my answer is yes:Ive read a couple @johngreens books and enjoyed them. Heres why readers of all ages will enjoy his latest novel: #TBTGenome editing is one of the most powerful technologies of the 21st century. Its important that new tools such as CRISPR continue to be applied subject to rigorous guidelines so the world can continue to make remarkable progress.Youre not alone. This simple phrase has helped HIV survivor Cacilda Fumo save hundreds of lives every year.Congrats to @henrytimms and @jeremyheimans on New Power. Looks like an interesting read.What we need is increased government and private sector support. Creating a zero-carbon future will take time, which is all the more reason to get started now.But I am more optimistic than he is. I think innovationand the urgency brought on by climate changewill speed up the process when it comes to clean energy.Smil is absolutely right that the transition to clean energy will not happen overnight. Here is a chart showing that energy transitions can take many decades.Vaclav Smil is one of my favorite authors. Ive read nearly all of his 37 books. This is an excellent overview of how Smil has helped shape how people (myself included) think about energy.Ironman triathlete and polio survivor @mindadentlers story is incredible. Her commitment to eradicating the disease that paralyzed her inspires me to keep fighting to #endpolio.This is one of the most educational books Ive ever read:Congrats to John Hennessy and David Patterson on receiving the Turing Award. The tech industry owes a debt of gratitude to you both.I cant recommend Factfulness highly enough. Hans and two family members wrote it at the end of his life, and its a wonderful summary of everything he stood for. Heres my full review.I use this one all the time: Big numbers always look big. Small numbers on their own are misleading Always look for comparisons.Slow change is still change. Extreme poverty has gone down by an average 2.5% per year in the last two decades. Over time, that adds up to a 50% drop.Give the system some credit. Its great to celebrate heroes (I do!). But there were heroes 1,000 years ago, and life was awful. Modernitybeing able to flush the toilet and turn on the lightsis a miracle of systems plus heroes.Things can be both better and bad. This is the heart of our foundations work. Its bad that 5 million children die every yearbut its better than it was, which is why I think it can keep improving.Factfulness, by the late Hans Rosling, is one of the best books Ive read in a long time. Its a great guide to thinking clearly about the world. Here are some of my favorite tipsIts hard to pick up on progress if you divide the world into developed countries and developing countries. In his newly-released book, Hans Rosling offers a better framework. You can download a free excerpt hereGood news: the worlds newest country reported zero cases of Guinea worm in 2017 and hasnt had a case in 15 months.My family loved talking about this book at the dinner table, and I think yours will, too.It was great to visit @MSFTResearch TechFest. Im always inspired to see the incredible research the company is infusing into products.Thank you, @tmyerson, for your leadership and your contributions. Youve made a lasting impact on Microsoft. I look forward to sharing many more Diet Cokes with you in the future.I had a lot of fun at @bigbangtheory. Luckily, I packed an extra tie.I was impressed and inspired by the way Pete Peterson brought together brilliant people to take on tough problems like health care in the U.S. and nuclear proliferation around the world. I learned a lot from Pete and will miss him.My daughter Phoebe and I love reading all kinds of books and are big fans of @johngreen. Here are her (and my) thoughts on his latest book:Energy innovation is not a zero-sum game. Thats why our clean-energy investment fund @btenergy is partnering with governments, companies, and other investors to drive innovation broadly.Great visit to Nigeria and Chad with my friend @AlikoDangote this week to talk about the importance of eradicating polio, getting life-saving vaccines to children, and improving primary healthcare.Grateful to @ProfOsinbajo for his initiative in convening the National Economic Council on investment in peopleand for the governments openness and commitment to discussing how to build a Nigeria where all can thrive.I was excited to visit Nigeria and meet with @MBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo to discuss the countrys development goals. We agreed that Nigerias bright future will benefit from further investment in the countrys greatest resource: its people.Companies in Nigeria are taking a big step to end stunting and malnutrition. This commitment will build healthier and more prosperous communities.Im hopeful we can alter the course of Alzheimer's if we invest in research to better understand how the disease unfolds. #ShareTheOrange is a promising new campaign to support Alzheimers research. @ARUKnewsStrong health systems promote strong economic growth. Nigerias investments in its communities will yield benefits for years to come. #ImagineNigeriaAdvances in agriculture can have a big impact on the lives of the worlds poorest. Im particularly excited about new research from the @RIPEproject.Superintendent Jorge Aguilar uses data to make a difference in the lives of students in Sacramento. We talked about how his own experiences have played a big role in shaping his approach:Developing affordable, clean energy for all is one of the smartest public investments our country can make. We need lots of innovation to get there, and @ARPAE is leading the way: #ARPAE18I feel lucky to have known Stephen Hawking. His work is an inspiring reminder of what human minds are capable of.I often meet with educators who have creative ideas about how to make school systems work for every child. Recently, I chatted with Superintendent Jorge Aguilar about how his district is improving outcomes for students.I can always count on my friend Warren Buffett to give good advice. His latest annual letter to shareholders has great tips for investing your money wisely.Being an optimist doesn't mean you get complacent. It means you constantly look for ways to make the world better. This is a great conversation with @EasterbrookG about his new book, Its Better Than It Looks.The evidence is clear: if you want to empower women and girls, give them the power to decide what to do with their own money. #IWD2018Tomorrow is #IWD2018 a day when the world celebrates the progress made by and for women. Im inspired by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. She was recently awarded the Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership.Most people know @rogerfederer as one of the greatest tennis players of all time. But his work off the court is also impressive. If youre a Federer fan, I encourage you to read his recent post about his journey from tennis player to philanthropist.Proud to be on Team Fed. Were ready for you, @SavannahGuthrie and @JackSock: #MatchForAfricaEveryone benefits when women can fully participate in the economy.The sun is the most plentiful source of renewable energy we have -- and the race is on to harness its power.As @KofiAnnan writes, cutting-edge mapping efforts have helped us understand the burden of health and nutrition disparities within African countries. These maps will enable us to reach the people who need help the most.See you on the court, @SavannahGuthrie!Im on @reddit right now if you want to ask me anything:Here are 4 things I wont be doing today and one thing I will:Does the world suck? Not as much as you might think.People today are living longer, healthier, and happier lives than ever before. I asked @sapinker to explain why.The idea that children shouldnt die of malaria isnt just our value. Its a human value. Parents in every culture want their children to survive and thrive. Thats why our foundation partners with thousands of organizations to reach people where they are:.@melindagates talks about the experience that opened our eyes to the inequities in the world, and the incredible progress that makes us optimistic about the future.At Microsoft, I got deep into computer science. At the foundation, its computer science plus biology, chemistry, agronomy, and more. I cant imagine a better way to spend the bulk of my time: #TBTLast year, Melinda and I took a trip to Atlanta, Georgia. What we saw reinforced our belief that education is the best way to break the cycle of poverty, and made us think through other ways we could help:Although theres been some progress over the past decade, Americas public schools are still falling short on important metrics. In our Annual Letter, Melinda and I explore how we can meet that challenge:Although Melinda and I see a lot of disease and poverty in our travelsand many other big problems that need to be solvedwe also see the best of humanity:As counterintuitive as it may seem, population sizes dont go up as the world gets healthier. They go down:Melinda and I got a kick out of doing our first autocomplete challenge. We answer more tough questions in our Annual Letter:Im on Facebook Live with @melindagates and @Lin_Manuel to discuss why were more optimistic than ever:This is our 10th Annual Letter, and were marking the occasion by answering 10 tough questions that people ask us.Today marks one year since our dear friend Hans Roslings passing. If you want to know more about Hans and his work, we recommend any one of his wonderful TED Talks.Youre 37 times less likely to be killed today by a lightning bolt than you were at the turn of the 20th century and thats not because there are fewer thunderstorms:I love stories like this 14-year-old Emma Yang is developing an app to help bridge the gap between Alzheimer's patients and their loved ones.Welcome to the Giving Pledge, @drshamsheervp. You approach philanthropy with the spirit of an entrepreneur and the passion of a humanitarian, and were happy to have you.My familys experience has exposed me to how awful it feels when a loved one is diagnosed with Alzheimers. I spoke with @mariashriver about what it will take to find a breakthrough.Ive spent a lot of time thinking about how the information we consume shapes our perception of the world. Im glad we have brilliant thinkers like Steven Pinker to help us spot signs of progress:Since my early days as a programmer, Ive been fascinated by computers. I was thrilled when @codeorg asked me to help them create a video series about how they work.I cant wait for readers to get their hands on my new favorite book. You can download a free chapter of Enlightenment Now here:Congrats, @rogerfederer, on winning your 20th Grand Slam. Cant wait to see your game up close on March 5 at the #MatchforAfrica.I sat down with @sapinker and @SocialQPhilip to talk about Stevens upcoming book, Enlightenment Now. I came away from the conversation with a renewed sense of optimism about the world:Playing tennis with @rogerfederer was one of my favorite parts of 2017. I cant wait to team up with him again on March 5th for the next Match for Africa with @JackSock and @SavannahGuthrie:Im optimistic that well see an end to malaria in my lifetime. Its a preventable and curable disease, and weve already demonstrated that progress is possible. Heres what it will take to end malaria for good:Inspired by my conversation with two great leaders, @JustinTrudeau and Jack Ma.Welcome to the End Malaria Council, @JulieBishopMP. Australia has shown tremendous leadership in the fight against malaria, and Im excited about what we can accomplish together:Wise words from @Malala: I think its pointless to be hopeless. If you are hopeless, you waste your present and your future.Millennials want to make a difference in the world. One of my favorite comedians @Trevornoah urges us to give them a chance.Im excited to share my first #VR video of 2018. Travel with me to India and learn how the country wiped out polio within its borders:I got arrested, beaten, left bloody and unconscious. But I havent given up. And you cannot give up. An inspiring #MLKDay read from civil rights legend @repjohnlewis.Were closer now than we have ever been to eradicating polio. Thats why its more important than ever to support organizations like @Rotary that help polio workers on the frontlines of this fight:Good news worth sharing Thanks to vaccine innovation, countries will be able to protect millions of kids against typhoid: #VaccinesWorkWhenever someone asks me why I believe its possible to end polio, I tell them about this trip: #TBTIn 1988, there were 350,000 new polio cases. Last year, there were just 21. Heres what made this progress possible:When Breath Becomes Air is one of the most moving books Ive ever read. Im glad things turned out okay for @rocketgirlmd.My friend Bono explains the potential we could unlock if the gender gap in education was closed: #GirlsCountIm excited about the possibilities that exist at the intersection of global health and the private sector. I spoke about how companies can harness these opportunities earlier today.These are just a few of the many people using their talents to fight poverty, hunger, and disease. The world is a better place because of what they do:.@charlesjkenny is one of my favorite writers on the optimism beat. This article is a must-read.I sat down with TIMEs @nancygibbs to talk about what gives me hope about the worlds future:I first met Mohammed Nassir when he was only two weeks old. Today, hes five years old and thrivinga testament to the incredible progress weve made to reduce child mortality in Ethiopia:I was excited when @TIME asked me to serve as its first guest editor. I asked some of the people I respect most to write about what makes them optimistic. I hope they inspire you, too:Im optimistic we can stop climate change and help those who are being hurt the most by itall while meeting the worlds energy needs:Melinda and I have been working for some time to learn more about the challenges Americans face moving up the economic ladder. This book helped me understand what its like to be poor in the U.S. better than anything else Ive read:I appreciate how thoughtful my friend @RayDalio is about how he gives back. With every purchase of his new book, Principles, a $10 donation will be given to the charity of your choice.9/ These tweets made me feel better about 2017 and more optimistic about the new year. I hope they make you feel more hopeful, too. What tweets inspired you this year?8/ Heres my own extreme submission to the challenge. #extremereading7/ A new sport caught on in schools to encourage students to read. Its called #extremereading.6/ The New York Times reported that doing good for others helps those who give as well as those who receive.5 /2017 World Food Prize winner @akin_adesina will use his prize money to establish a fund to provide grants to African youth involved in agriculture.4/ In June, the WHO certified that Bhutan and Maldives had eliminated measles.3/ Toilet: A Love Story, a Bollywood romance about a newlywed couple, educated audiences about Indias sanitation challenge.2/ On May 18, 2017, Edwardo Sanchez tweeted that he was the first person in his family to graduate from college. Congratulations, Edwardo!1/ Theres no denying that 2017 was a really tough year... but it also delivered some amazing moments of hope and progress. Here are some inspiring tweets that you may have missedI dont usually reach for historical fiction, but when a friend recommended this book about a communist double agent during the Vietnam War, I picked up a copyand Im glad I did:I wait for new Vaclav Smil books the way some people wait for the next Star Wars movie. In his latest book, he lays out how our quest for energy has shaped human history:Our $1 billion clean energy investment fund @btenergy is moving full steam ahead. This is where we will focus our investments:Im in Paris for the big meeting on climate change hosted by President Macron. The good news is that theres a lot of progress to report. Here are four reasons to be optimistic:.@eddieizzard is one of my favorite performers, so I was excited to read his memoir. As it turns out, we have a lot in common:Thanks to polio vaccines, there are only three people in the U.S. who still depend on iron lungs.How much do you really know about the people who raised you? This stunning graphic novel will make you see your parents in a new light.Here are 5 amazing books I read this year:A breakthrough in Alzheimers will dramatically improve human life. Great perspective from @David_Cameron.If youre looking for a great read to enjoy over the holidays, you cant go wrong with one of these books.Dr. Krisana Kraisintu has dedicated her life to making medicines more affordable and accessible. Her efforts have saved countless lives:11 million people with HIV are alive today because of the medicines that @PEPFAR provides. @ONECampaign #AIDSReportMeet a leader who inspires me: Chief Mumena is challenging long-held traditions in his community to prevent the spread of HIV:The gift that gives back: This holiday season, every @RED purchase will support the fight against AIDS. Our foundation is matching every dollar raised up to $15 million:This is what progress looks like. Now, more than ever, the world needs to reaffirm its commitment to fight HIV/AIDS: #WorldAIDSDayAhead of #WorldAIDSDay, I want to highlight two heroes who have helped make stunning progress in the fight against AIDS.Everyone knows about Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Tomorrow, I encourage you to join Melinda and me in one of our favorite holiday traditions: #GivingTuesday.Thanks to the efforts of pharmaceutical companies and their partners, millions of people are receiving the medicines they need:This brought a smile to my face. A 13 year-old Swedish reporter named Fatma interviewed Melinda for #WorldChildrensDay.Im amazed by how @NandanNilekani has lent his entrepreneurial passion to philanthropy. Im delighted to welcome him and his wife Rohini to the Giving Pledge.The number of people living with Alzheimers is expected to skyrocket in low- and middle-income countries. This is a crisis that more people need to be talking about:Access to state-level health trends in India will be a game changer for policymakers and practitioners:There are plenty of reasons to be optimistic that we can stop Alzheimers. One of those reasons is brave patients like Sandy Halperin. via @drsanjaygupta.@MohamedBinZayed Thank you for a fantastic meeting today. It was an incredible surprise and honor to be awarded the Order of Federation. Your partnership has been instrumental in the fight to eradicate polio. I look forward to continuing our work.What will it take to find a breakthrough in Alzheimers? We need to make progress in these five areas.@Jeremy_Hunt Governments all over the world need to be thinking about the costs of Alzheimers and other dementias. The UKs continued leadership will be critical as we move forward..@mariashriver The Womens Alzheimers Movement has helped shed light on how this disease affects women. Im excited to join the fight..@David_Cameron Your leadership has helped raise the profile of dementia research. I look forward to working with you.I believe that we can alter the course of Alzheimers. Thats why Im investing in the Dementia Discovery Fund.I have so much admiration for health workers. They go to the most remote parts of the world to save lives:I really enjoyed this conversation between our foundation CEO @SueDHellmann and Science Friday host @iraflatow.Tanzania hopes to eliminate one of the worlds most painful diseases by 2020. From what I saw in this village, Im optimistic they will.By investing in R&D, I know we can discover new innovations that will help wipe tuberculosis off the map:This unusual tool for fighting disease turns our old thinking about treatment on its head.My first trip to Africa with Melinda was the catalyst that began my #MyGivingStory. What's yours:The death that didnt happen is not visible." A fascinating conversation between @Atul_Gawande and @Gladwell.Stories like these remind me of why Melinda and I started our foundation..@JohnCena the polio expert? It's just one of this superstars many surprising talents: #WorldPolioDayI had the privilege of speaking with @GreatCitySchls about how we can continue to address inequities in public ed:Can you correctly identify these African countries on a map? Youll be surprised to learn what they have in common:All kids in America should get a great education but some are left behind. Here's what were doing to help fix this.After Ali Maow Maalin survived the only disease ever eradicated, he fought to endThere are few people I've learned more from than Bill Foege.This university is remarkable: all students, regardless of race or income, graduate at the same rate:Bill Foeges vision led to one of the greatest achievements in global health: the eradication of smallpox:My approach to philanthropy might look very different if Id never met Bill Foege.@johngreen Congrats @johngreen. Im excited for you and your readers including my daughter Phoebe, whos one of your biggest fans!Be curious about everything. Observe attentively. Indulge fantasy @WalterIsaacson on how to think like Leonardo.Science can make the world a better place but only if we work together: #TogetherScienceCanOnly half of the American students who start college will graduate. Thats why Im constantly on the lookout for schools that defy the odds.I havent heard many doctors talk about reducing their role in treatment. But when Tom Ellman speaks, people listen:I visited @GeorgiaStateU earlier this year and met an amazing group of students...We must support and create new pathways for women in tech. Thats the message that Melinda is bringing to #GHC17:In 2007, small groups of HIV patients in Mozambique decided to challenge the traditional approach to HIV treatment. This is their story.Only half of the 37M people living with HIV are receiving treatment. Heres how @MSF_HIV is working to change that.I always learn a lot from my friend @RayDalio. His new book #Principles is a remarkable look at his life and career:We cant address what we cant measure. To end modern slavery, we need the best available data:Ive known @satyanadella for more than 20 years so I knew hed put his mark on Microsoft: #HitRefreshWhat is the future of work? @melindagates imagines how we can build a better workplace for everyone.Im a big tennis fan, so I was excited to recreate this photo with my friend Elisabeth Shue from #BattleoftheSexes:Progress is coming faster than ever. Hit Refresh is a thoughtful exploration of the future of technology.Fact: disease and poverty are solvable. But progress doesnt happen on its own. Learn whats possible:.@charlierose is one of my favorite people to talk to about the state of the world:I got to play host to @Trevornoah earlier in the week. Last night, it was my turn on the hot seat on @TheDailyShow:.@BarackObama knows a thing or two about inspiring young people. We loved talking to him about how to empower others to change the world.I think the world has never been bettermore peaceful, prosperous, safe, or just. And Im on a mission to prove it.The decisions we make now will have a profound impact on the lives of millions of people.#ThanksPaul for everything you've done for Seattle, and the world.The benefits of a school lunch program dont stop at the classroom door:Melinda and I have always believed that where a child is born shouldnt determine his or her future.I recently had lunch with a class of primary school students in Tanzania. You can join us in my latest #VR video:We hope the stories behind the fight to end poverty will challenge, inform, and inspire you as much as they have us:Progress can be hard to see. Thats why were launching a new look at the stories behind the data. #Goalkeepers17Sometimes, the best meals happen in surprising places.Weve never had such an urgent need to move from one energy source to another. @ARPAE can help get us there faster:I'm excited to talk to @BarackObama about how to drive change and accelerate progress toward the Global Goals.This little-known government agency wants to do for energy what DARPA did for the Internet.I couldnt agree more, @GaviSeth. We need to "think big and aim high."Im very disappointed with todays decision to end #DACA. Our statement:These incredible schools help their students succeed in the classroom and in life:Vaccines do more than save lives: they can also reduce the use of antibiotics and slow the spread of resistance:In September, world leaders will gather at the UN. I look forward to meeting these Goalkeepers in New York...A promising study... A new type of probiotic may reduce the risk of sepsis in newborn babies:Using index cards and pennies, Camille Jones showed me how she teaches her students to think like engineersPutting everyday objects in the hands of great teachers can lead to magical moments in theMelinda and I love meeting with students. A great listener, she always keeps track of what she learns from themFind a @DonorsChoose project that inspires you, and our foundation will help you make a bigger impact:Washington State Teacher of the Year Camille Jones helps her students discover hidden talents...Washington State Teacher of the Year @farmtableteachs approach to teaching STEAM sparked my imaginationThese numbers are way too high, but Im optimistic well see an end to malaria in my lifetime: #WorldMosquitoDayHow long do insecticide-treated bed nets protect people from mosquitoes? Check your answer:Want to make a difference? Help me give away 100,000 bed nets to families in need:People often ask me how they can help save lives. Heres an easy way...What is a life well-lived? Melinda and I asked our friend Jimmy Carter to share lessons from his remarkable life:Melinda and I are deeply saddened to learn that our friend, mentor, and advisor Sam Dryden died this morning.A moonshot pushes the boundaries of whats possible. This one could change the way we think about energy storage:Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter have been married for 71 years. He gave Melinda and me some advice:The childhood mortality chart is a worldwide success story: via @MaxCRoserI really enjoyed this podcast Take an audio road trip to @ENERGYs 17 national labs in 17 minutes:Love this quote from @kaj33: We're going to teach the kids that it's cool to be the next George Washington Carver.Because of the UKs generosity, were one step closer to ending polio forever.Whole grain bread never seems to taste as good as white bread. This lab is trying to change that:Three years ago, @johngreen and I traveled to Ethiopia together. Johns endless curiosity was one of the highlights of our trip. #TBTBy any measure, @rajpanjabi is a global health hero. His work to close the last mile is remarkable.Many toilets dont get used because they smell bad. I believe this is a problem we can solve through innovation.I went to the Australian outback to learn how ranchers breed cows in a tropical climate. It was fascinating:From 2007 to 2015, the U.S. government invested $14 billion in global health R&D. The returns were tremendous...Whats the secret to making great bread? I headed north of Seattle to find out:Great progress weve cut the number of people who die from AIDS by nearly half since 2005:Ive been to lots of labs, but never one that doubled as a working kitchen. Until now...A dairy cow in the US produces 30 liters of milk every day. In Ethiopia? Just 1.69 liters. How do we fix this:.@atlantic founder Chuck Feeney is one of my heroes. Ive learned a lot from his giving while living philosophy.I recently found myself in the wilds of the Outback watching a cattle rancher artificially inseminate a cow...This is a really uplifting columnThanks for continuing to cover the optimism beat, @NickKristof.Im a city boySo, I was surprised to learn cowboys are using smart watches and wearables to track their cows:Where do health grants for researchers and universities come from? Every state has received funding from the @NIH:This approach could lead to a universal (instead of seasonal) flu vaccine, and hopefully one day to an AIDS vaccine:If we can predict where the next Ebola or AIDS might emerge, we could save millions of lives:Congrats, @Venuseswilliams and @rogerfederer! Looking forward to a great weekend of tennis ahead. #WimbledonA great case from @tirosenberg for why we should invest in vaccines we (hopefully) will never need to use.How many jobs are supported by the NIH?Check your answer here:News worth sharing U.S. foreign aid to fight malaria has saved the lives of almost two million children in Africa.During my visit to the @NIH, I put on a virtual reality headset and got a glimpse of the future of medicine.Every woman should be able to make choices about her own future.You continue to inspire me, @Malala. Thanks to you, young women around the world can dream of a brighter future for themselves..@akin_adesinas optimism about Africas future is inspiring. This is a well-deserved recognition.Tune in to @Discovery at 9 pm to learn about the progress were making to stop the worlds deadliest animal:In the fight against a devastating disease, India has a lot to be proud of.Trevor Noahs outsider take on comedy was honed over a lifetime of never fitting in. His story is a great read.Heres how investments in foreign aidwhich account for less than 1% of the federal budgethelp Americans at home:Investing in basic scientific research drives remarkable returns for Americas economy, health, energy, and defense..@SueDHellmann on why facts matter and how our foundation is encouraging collaboration and debate.Foreign aid helps promote Americas economy. Pulling back now could backfire on U.S. workers.Paul Farmer is one of the most amazing people I've ever met. He recently spoke with @drsanjaygupta about his work.Federal funding plays a critical role in R&D. It would be a mistake to cut short the progress being made by @ARPAE:These creators are supporting the fight against global poverty-I hope youll be as inspired as I am by these videos:How can Haiti get the biggest anti-poverty bang for its buck? By prioritizing projects based on impact.President Jimmy Carters A Full Life is a good read about a great man:It's easy to take cutting-edge research for granted. But most breakthroughs that improve our lives start as government-sponsored research.Summer is officially here Get lost in one of these great books:Happy Fathers Day, Dad! Thank you for making me into the man I am today.Because of groups like @Rotary, more than 16M people are walking today who would have been paralyzed by polio.By making it easier to send and receive money, M-Pesa is transforming the daily lives of people in Kenya.Chuck Thacker was an inspired visionary. Todays computing would not have been possible without his efforts...In 1988, there were 40 new polio cases an hour. In 2016, there were just 40 cases. Here's how we get to zero:An important assessment: The world will be less safe if the U.S. stops helping other countries.Polio should be scared@JohnCena and I tag teamed the @TODAYshow to discuss the fight to end polio:Incredible news: The UAE has made a $30M commitment to end polio for good.Every spring I visit Omaha, Nebraska to catch up with my friend @WarrenBuffett:Moving story by @rajpanjabi. He's bringing health care to people too hard to reach and too difficult to serve.Ethiopias revolution in child survival blows my mind. This innovative program is a major reason why it happened:Warren Buffett says to be successful at almost anything you need this one traitI couldnt agree more.You missed a good time at @tacobell, @waltmossberg. Entertaining interview with one of the industry's best.Melinda briefly considered quitting her dream job. Heres what she did instead..@NIHDirector Thanks for a terrific visit. More Americans should know about NIHs work to save lives at home and around the world.Although the Berkshire weekend is always busy, @WarrenBuffett and I usually find time to goof off:Ive been enjoying @reidhoffmans new podcast. I joined him and talked about advice I would give my younger selfAt age 92, President Jimmy Carter is as sharp as ever. I loved reading about his improbable rise to the presidency:What if robots take over the world? In his new book, Yuval Noah Harari says it could happen. Heres my viewThere has been incredible progress since the last Ebola outbreak. This is why we cant let upMelinda and I are happy to welcome 14 new members to the Giving Pledge and look forward to learning from them:As a longtime fan of @TheDailyShow, I loved reading this memoir about how @Trevornoah honed his approach to comedy:.@melindagates thought I would love this novel. She was right:Game, set, match. Thanks to @rogerfederer, @JohnIsner, @MikeMcCreadyPJ, and everyone who helped raise &gt;$2 million for Rogers foundation.I am not a self-made man. I know only vicariously the world @JDVance1 describes in the terrific Hillbilly Elegy.A great list of more than 30 African men and women whose work could impact millions of peopleAll of these books will transport you somewhere elsewhether youre sitting on a beach towel or on your own couch:@Trevornoah Its a terrific book and I hope lots of people read it. Cant wait for the next oneSummer is just around the corner. Whether you're headed to the beach or the park, I think youll enjoy these books.What percent of the U.S. federal budget is spent on foreign aid?Check your answer here:It was an honor to welcome PM @JustinTrudeau to Seattle this week.If I were starting out as a college grad and looking for a chance to make an impact, I would consider these fields:Foreign aid gives American taxpayers a phenomenal return on investment, one of the best anywhere in government.An incredible feat...Thanks to Indias leadership, vaccines will help protect millions of kids against pneumonia:.@melindagates @WarrenBuffett @sapinker 14/ This is an amazing time to be alive. I hope you make the most of it..@melindagates @WarrenBuffett @sapinker 13/ This is the core of my worldview. It sustains me in tough times and is the reason I love my work. I think it can do same for you..@melindagates @WarrenBuffett @sapinker 12/ It doesnt mean you ignore the serious problems we face. It just means you believe they can be solved..@melindagates @WarrenBuffett @sapinker 11/ That matters because if you think the world is getting better, you want to spread the progress to more people and places..@melindagates @WarrenBuffett 10/ @SAPinker shows how the world is getting better. Sounds crazy, but its true. This is the most peaceful time in human history..@melindagates @WarrenBuffett 9/ If I could give each of you a graduation present, it would be this--the most inspiring book I've ever read..@melindagates 8/ Like @WarrenBuffett I measure my happiness by whether people close to me are happy and love me, & by the difference I make for others.7/ Meanwhile, surround yourself with people who challenge you, teach you, and push you to be your best self. As @MelindaGates does for me.6/ You know more than I did when I was your age. You can start fighting inequity, whether down the street or around the world, sooner.5/ I also have one big regret: When I left school, I knew little about the worlds worst inequities. Took me decades to learn.4/ E.g. Intelligence takes many different forms. It is not one-dimensional. And not as important as I used to think.3/ Looking back on when I left college, there are some things I wish I had known.2/ AI, energy, and biosciences are promising fields where you can make a huge impact. It's what I would do if starting out today.1/ New college grads often ask me for career advice. At the risk of sounding like thisI think youll be inspired by the stories of the women Melinda recently met in Indonesia:Our foundation will match up to $1 million in donations to @RedNoseDayUSA. Learn how to participate: #RedNoseDayWere not ready yet for a major epidemic, but @bryanrwalsh explains how we can get there.Join me in Ethiopia and meet some remarkable women who are helping improve the health of millions ofWhat is the path to a meaningful life? @SueDHellmann shared excellent advice with @SinclairCCs Class of 2017.I had a lot of fun playing tennis to support The Roger Federer Foundation. I wrote about the experience on my blog:India has an ambitious goal of installing 75 million toilets by 2019, and theyre easier than ever to find:This is incredible to see: @TheAtlanticProgress can be hard to see. This #dataviz makes it easyThis is a great investment  For every $1 spent on sanitation, there is a $5.50 return.I got to check an item off my bucket list and help a great cause too...I try to visit India at least once a year. Im inspired by something new every time:About to take the court with @rogerfederer for a great cause. Watch me try to keep up Live on Facebook:Thrilled to have @MikeMcCreadyPJ from @PearlJam playing the national anthem at the Match for Africa tomorrow! Watch:CoolThis solar-powered device pulls drinking water out of thin air.Vaccines reach more children than ever. If we set our sights high, we can give every child a shot at life. #VaccinesWorkOn my most recent visit to India, I made a #VR video about an amazing undertaking:Indian Prime Minister @narendramodi put a spotlight on a subject that most of us would rather not even think about:This is progressThe malaria death rate in sub-Saharan Africa fell by 57% between 2000 and 2015. #WorldMalariaDay.@MikeBloomberg is one of my favorite people to talk to about climate and energy.Yes, these pictures are disturbing. But the diseases that disfigure people like this can be stopped. Heres how:Lots of progress to celebrate thanks to the pharma companies, governments, and health orgs that came together...Melindas work on behalf of women and girls inspires me every day. This is a beautiful piece: #TIME100I loved meeting these young people who are so passionate about fighting poverty: #BigDebateI shared my thoughts about some horrific tropical diseases that affect &gt; 1 billion people, and how we can help:Im excited to be in London talking about the importance of #UKAid in making the world a safer, healthier place:What is the record for most drugs donated in a 24-hour period?Check your answer here:Im in Geneva to help marshal support for the fight against neglected tropical diseases.Its hard to pronounce these diseases, but its easy to understand why we should all care about them:Congratulations @Steven_Ballmer. Im looking forward to digging into this data trove.Not surprisingly, I agree: Thinking like a programmer helps you tackle all kinds of problems in life:I loved @edyong209's latest book and now hes written about an ingenious way to track mosquitoes.We applaud Germanys commitment to help the worlds poorest. Reaching 0.7% target boosts health, security and prosperity for all. @BMZ_BundAt first glance, its easy to miss the impact new innovations can have on the world. But look againin #VR:You wont see change if you dont look for it. These five simple solutions are making the world a better place...Im excited about the potential of VR and I'll be sharing what I learn in my travels on a new #GearVR channel:Join @rogerfederer, @JohnIsner and me for a night of world-class tennis benefiting the Roger Federer Foundation:Ive been preparing for this moment my entire life: #TBTOur deadliest enemy is being largely overlookedTennis, anyone?Melinda spoke with women and girls in Indonesia whose future would be affected by cuts to U.S. foreign aid.Germophobes, rest easy...there are many benefits of bacteria:Timely piece. Now more than ever, we need to invest in vaccines, drugs and diagnostics to prevent the next epidemic.There were some really big surprises in this fascinating book about microbes:Ive been traveling to China for nearly three decades. I learn something new every time I visit:I was thrilled by the chance to be Stephen Hawking's new voice. Turns out a few others felt the same way....@edyong209 imparts one surprising, fascinating insight after the next. This book is science journalism at its best..@TheEconomist on how cutting aid and diplomacy will make America weaker:Great to be back at Peking University. These students made me feel incredibly optimistic about the future.TB is not a disease of the past, but if the world works together to fight it, I have no doubt it can be. #WorldTBDayWhat if sunlight could power your car? Thats the dream of this @Caltech professor and his research team.An undeniable successthere are 11 million people with HIV who are alive today because of @PEPFAR:I recently visited a lab doing super-cool energy worka good reminder of why governments should sponsor R&D:David Rockefeller led a remarkable life. I enjoyed our conversations about giving back and learned a lot from him.Why should the US spend money on foreign aid that could be spent at home instead? Heres my answer:Protecting Americans, preventing epidemics, strengthening markets, saving lives: aid delivers phenomenal benefits...A mind-blowing factmore energy from the sun hits the Earth in one hour than humans use in an entire year.I just visited a lab that is working on an energy miracle:FascinatingNextstrain uses genetic data from viruses to help scientists track the spread of disease outbreaks.This book, written by a young surgeon with terminal cancer, earned my admirationand tears:.@PaulGAllen has made a huge impact through his work and philanthropy. What an amazing way to build on that legacy:We want young inventors and innovators to feel unstoppable. I love these girls ambition and curiosity. #IWDI was touched by "When Breath Becomes Air. Its the best nonfiction book Ive read in a long time.Im so lucky to have Melinda as my partner in life and work. She inspires me every day:We had a lot of fun working with these @YouTube creators to share the incredible progress the world is making.80% of the worlds energy comes from fossil fuels. We need clean-energy innovation, and lots of it: @TheEconomistProgress is sometimes hard to seebut for much of humanity, the world is better than its ever been: via @MaxCRoserIve been enjoying this @NPR series on our relationship with germs. It's a fascinating history.Thank you Reddit for another great AMA:Im on @reddit right now if you want to ask me anything:Ill be joining @reddit for an #AMA today at 9 AM PST... Any questions?People ask us all the time how they can helpwe are always proud to recommend making a donation to @UNICEF...Were more optimistic than ever. The future will surprise the pessimists:This is why I spent more time last year on polio than anything else:Whether in business or at McDonalds, Warren loves a deal. We've brought this idea to saving children's lives: #TBTSaving childrens lives is at the heart of our work. @melindagates explains three simple, proven lifesavers:Nutrition is the biggest missed opportunity in global health. Here's how it could unleash waves of human potential:Malnutrition destroys the most human potential on the planet. Were funding research in this area and urging governments to do the same.What has happened to extreme poverty over the last 25 years? Check your answer here:Our friend @WarrenBuffett is one of the greatest investors of all time. This may be his best investment:Each year, 1 million babies die on the day they are born. Were funding new research to better understand why:For every $1 spent on childhood vaccines, you get $44 in benefits. You cant beat that deal:.@IISuperwomanII challenged me to prove the world is becoming a better place. Find out how I didHow countries like Rwanda have achieved such incredible improvements in reducing child deaths:This is the most beautiful chart in the world:#TBT In 1993 Melinda and I went to Africa to see the wildlife, and were startled by the poverty:I love numbers. This is one of my favorites:The end is in sight. Thanks for your support @JohnCena @Rotary @EndPolioNow.In 2006, @WarrenBuffett entrusted us with the biggest single gift anyone ever gave anybody for anything:The best investment any of us can ever make is in the lives of others. The returns areHans Rosling was just as fascinating offstage as he was on it. Our remembrance of this remarkable manA great friend, educator and true inspiration for our work. Melinda and I are saddened by the loss of Hans Rosling:Ric Weiland was an integral part of @Microsoft's success. This is a great piece on his legacy as a philanthropist:These students energy, passion, and curiosity help fuel my optimism about our world...I hope everyone, even those who think they know Warren well, will watch this film. It premieres tonight on @HBO:Im on Facebook Live with my friends @WarrenBuffett and @CharlieRose to discuss our hopes for the future:Im optimistic today's investment in @IHME_UW, one of the largest in our foundation's history, will help save lives.Great stats, @johngreen. I share your excitement. Were so close...Congratulations @jeffraikes. Stanford is lucky to have you.Well never know exactly when a new disease outbreak will emerge. But that shouldnt be an excuse for inaction.Today @wef I'm excited to participate in the launch of an organization that will help prepare for future epidemics.Viruses move at incredible speedThats why we need to start developing vaccines before the next epidemic:This fascinating #dataviz looks at how vaccine innovation could outpace the spread of diseases:Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. lived his life serving others. Melinda reflects on how to follow his example. #MLKDayHere are five things that make me more optimistic than ever about Africa:Theres a lot to be optimistic about in 2017life is getting better for more people on our planet. Especially here.I had a first in 2016I sniffed poop perfume. Trust me, theres a good story behind it:I got to learn about this fascinating HIV-prevention technology first-hand. It could help prevent new infections.When I was in my 20s and early 30s, I was fanatical about software. Now, Im learning from these fanatics: #TBTAn excellent profile... @HansRosling is a global health hero:A mobile-money service, M-Pesa, has helped lift hundreds of thousands of Kenyans out of poverty: via @TheEconomistUniversity of Washington president @amcauce is a visionary leader. She is a great asset to our community:In the field of energy, one of my best teachers has been @KenCaldeira. He is a brilliant, patient teacher:Two weeks ago, we launched @btenergy. This roadmap will guide our investment decisions over the next two decades:Washington State Teacher of the Year @nate_bowling is a great example of what it takes to be an effective teacher:I recently had a chance to catch up with one of Indias best-known entrepreneurs, philanthropists, and thinkers:At 92, Jimmy Carter hasnt slowed down. His life should be an inspiration to all of us:A shot at life. Indias incredible effort to make vaccines affordable and accessible for all its children:I had the opportunity to meet with many gifted people this year. I hope they inspire you as much as they have me...The African continent is changing rapidly. These maps show remarkable progress: via @MaxCRoserI try to read about a book a week on average. Even when my schedule is out of control, I carve out time for reading:New genome technologies are at the cusp of affecting all of us in profound ways. This book is an excellent guide:These are questions no parent should have to ask. A stirring piece by my friend @PStonesifer on fighting hunger..@richardbranson Youve always been one for big ideas. Im excited to partner with you on this ventureIm grateful for your commitment and I look forward to working with you.@POTUS Thank you for your support. More affordable, reliable energy means better lives and stronger economies..@btenergy launches a $1B investment fund for reliable, affordable, emissions-free energy...I discuss with @qz a major announcement for @btenergy and our vision for the future...The Grid by Gretchen Bakke is a book about mundane stuff that is actually fascinating:.@rajpanjabis commitment to help the worlds poorest is inspiring. This is a well-deserved honor.Ive loved tennis ever since I was a kid. I enjoyed David Foster Wallaces dazzling essays on the sport: #TBTScientists are like entrepreneurs: They have an eye for spotting unrealized opportunities. Great piece via @MIT.@khanacademy is the best way to learn online. Help them continue to provide free, world-class educational resources.@Nike co-founder Phil Knights memoir is a refreshingly honest take on what the path to business success looks likeTobacco use is the leading cause of preventable deaths. My friend @MikeBloomberg is working to change this.Looking for a book to enjoy over the holidays? Here are some of my favorites from 2016.Anybody can learn to code. And everyone should give it a try: #HourOfCodeFive of my favorite books of 2016:This surprised mewheat, rice, and corn all have more complex genomes than humans:Toilet odors consist of over 200 chemical compounds. A perfume company isolated four culprits of the terrible smell:Stories like this one arent told enough. Were making incredible progress against neglected tropical diseases:I am inspired by South Africas youth who are working to address the HIV/AIDS epidemic: #WAD2016Life-changing discoveries often get their start as government-funded research at a university:Im inspired by the generosity of so many people on #GivingTuesday. Theres still time to show your support today!Great leadership by PM @theresa_may. The UK is boosting its investment in research to accelerate innovation:We should all think about how new tools should and shouldnt be used. This is especially true for genome editing:Im often asked how a company can set itself apart and make an impact. Investing in R&D is a great place to start:Our work is not possible without dedicated partners & staff around the world. We are happy to accept the Medal of Freedom on their behalf.Melinda and I are deeply humbled to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom for our foundations efforts to create a more equal world.Exciting progress this new genetic chip could help bring the benefits of precision medicine to Africa.Stinky toilets are an obstacle to improving sanitation. This company is helping to solve this issue: #WorldToiletDayWhy do toilets smell so bad? I traveled to Switzerland to learn about the science of scent.Why I like science: one remarkable discovery often leads to other scientific breakthroughs.Pleasure meeting with @narendramodi. Im optimistic about Indias future and its commitment to innovation.From poop water to poop perfume, Im amazed by the innovation thats underway in the field of sanitation:.@DrSidMukherjee once again shows his gift for making science accessible. I'm glad I read his book:Gene editing is full of promise and peril. I discussed its future with The Gene author @DrSidMukherjee:A must-read piece. We need to inspire more innovation to meet our energy needs.Together, HIV and TB form a deadly duo. About one-third of people living with HIV are also infected with TB:Everyday life looks remarkably similar for families across countries at the same income level: via @GapminderIn 2016, global support for TB care and prevention fell $2 billion short of the $8.3 billion needed to fight it:Last year, Simbongile, a young mother, learned she was infected with TB. Her story is heartbreaking.Tuberculosis is an often forgotten disease that Im hoping can get the attention it deserves:This morning I played in the first-ever online @BridgeWorldCup. I hope this draws more people to the card game I love playing.Forget ghouls and goblins. These are the worlds scariest creatures:This is encouraging progress: since 2005, deaths from both HIV/AIDS and malaria have been reduced by 40%.Science is the great giver. From penicillin to the Ebola vaccine, the world owes an ongoing debt to scientists:This photo always makes me smile. #TBTA trip to London wouldnt be complete without seeing my friend @richardbranson. We discussed the importance of the UKs role in innovation.We're closer than ever to ending polio thanks to new commitments from @MikeBloomberg and Ray Dalio:Progress is a powerful thing. Thanks to the hard work of millions, were closer than ever to eradicating polio. #WorldPolioDayHeres why I believe investing in scientific research is critical to improving peoples lives:These innovators are hoping to make a difference in the lives of others. They will be in Seattle for @SVPFastPitch.Long before The Cat in the Hat, Dr. Seuss was helping fight malaria. Learn how much progress the world has made:David Bunnell was one of the pioneers of the PC industry. Im sad to learn of his death:Great to be on campus at @Caltech yesterday. These students shared some bright ideas on how to power our future.Scientific discoveries arent just breathtaking insights into the nature of the universe. They fuel human progress:Great news to report: More children will have the chance to live healthy, productive lives thanks to @UNICEF.I sat down with my old friend David Rubenstein to discuss @microsoft, philanthropy and my hopes for the future:What I think our political leadership should do to accelerate innovation: invest in government R&D..@POTUS, welcome to the club.Ive been in hospitals when malaria is at its peak. As a parent, these memories will stay with me for life:Precision maps are a powerful new tool in the fight against malaria: via @NEJM and @IHME_UWWhat makes mosquitoes so deadly? I explore this question in my latest video...What is the worlds deadliest animal? The answer might surprise you:The malaria death rate in sub-Saharan Africa has dropped by a stunning 57% since 2000. This progress is no accident:What makes a great leader? I share my thoughts here:Ive heard people argue that transformative innovations only come from the private sector. But you might be surprised...Here are four breakthroughs I believe we can accomplish over the next decade:This chart makes me optimistic that we can end extreme poverty once and for all:.@ErnestMoniz: By increasing support for energy R&D, we can create new jobs and develop new technologies:Life expectancy is one of the great stories in @MaxCRoser's Visual History of Global Health:A historic achievement. The Americas region is the first in the world to be declared free of endemic measles.When you come to South Africa, you cant help but be filled with hope and optimism:What has happened to global poverty over the last 20 years?  Check your answer here:This is a huge milestone and a great sign that countries can work together to improve peoples lives:How do you beat a virus? These former HIV researchers are now racing to find a cure for Zika. #longreadsThis is a headline we dont see often enough @NickKristof shares good news from the fight against extreme poverty.What is the secret to American innovation? Two very important letters:Great article by PM of Norway @erna_solberg: Polio anywhere poses a threat to all of us everywhere. #UNGAI always feel humbled and inspired by my travels. I just wish others could come along:Investing in research is at the root of important innovations. Incredible news from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.Canada, your support of @GlobalFund is so remarkable I just had to give @JustinTrudeau a hug.Travel with me (virtually) to South Africa and see how they are fighting HIV: #VRInteresting. This student's invention could help save millions of lives:Africa is special to me. I recently returned to see its progress in the fight against AIDS:One in every 200 people on Earth cant see. But amazingly, a cure for blindness is now in sight.Nate Bowling has a brilliant approach to making his subject matter relevant to his students:These young innovators are driving astounding progress in their fields.This imaging technique could make it easier for aid to reach the people who need it the most.Safe drinking water is often a matter of life & death. This organization's work brings it to those who need it most.Nate Bowling is committed to making his classroom a place his students want to be:TB is one of the worlds most devastating diseases. India is crucial to the global fight.Very few people thought we would ever eradicate smallpox. The great D.A. Henderson was one of them.Melinda explains why gender diversity helps create better companies and better products:Happy Birthday, Warren. Everyone should be lucky enough to have a friend like you.Nate Bowling uses Star Wars to help his students understand the civil rights movement. Its pretty amazing stuff.@DonorsChoose Incredible! Thanks to everyone for helping teachers start the school year off right.Never underestimate the power of nerddom. @nate_bowling is proud to call himself a nerd:Find a @DonorsChoose project that inspires you and well double your donation.Personalized learning represents a big shift for students and teachers. The results so far are promising.Personalized learning doesnt just let students work at their own pace. It puts them in charge of their growth:What does great teaching look like? For @nate_bowling, its about cultivating a love of learning in his studentsHe had me at nerd farmer. What I learned from WA State Teacher of the Year Nate Bowling:.@JohnGreen is right. The headlines dont always show it, but theres a lot to be optimistic about.Why did I offer up my arm to hungry mosquitoes? Find out on my World #MosquitoDay playlist:This great chart from @otherlab maps all of the energy use in the U.S.:My 4th grade teacher made it okay for me to be a messy, nerdy boy who loved to read books:.@TFGH has been a leader in its field since its founding 32 years ago. This is a well-deserved prize.A great teacher can change your life. For me, that teacher was Mrs. Caffiere:Happy birthday, Melinda. Heres to many more years of dancing together!The world has made incredible progress toward ending polio. Todays news reminds us why we must keep up the fight:Heres a great investment. Stellar #dataviz from one of my favorite sites:This book reminded me of all the things I love about science fiction: #NationalBookLoversDayOpen-source collaboration between scientists could become a drug discovery catalyst:Clean-energy breakthroughs dont happen by chance. We need long-term investments in R&D:What is life like without electricity? In rural Tanzania, only one in 10 people have accessDNA is more advanced than any software ever created. @MSFTResearch and @UW are exploring its data storage capacity.In 1910, there were 2.3 cars for every 100 homes. By 1930, nearly every household had one:This chart illustrates one of the biggest challenges facing science today... via @voxdotcom@AlikoDangote Your support has helped make this milestone possible. There is still much work to be done but today we are closer than ever.@MBuhari I look forward to working with you and the people of Nigeria to help sustain this great progress toward a polio-free world.In my latest book review, I explain why Im hopeful about the future of American innovation:Nelson Mandelas humility and courage left an impression on me that Ill never forget:The battle against AIDS is one we can win. I explain how in this short video: #AIDS2016Nelson Mandela is one of my heroes. I share his optimism about Africas future:Honored to deliver the Nelson Mandela Annual Lecture. I believe, as he did, that progress is possible: #NMAL2016Michael Elliott was a tremendous leader and an inspiration to many (including me). I'm sad to learn of his death:There are many reasons to be optimistic, but we havent turned the corner on AIDS...Thank you @David_Cameron for your leadership on fighting diseases and reducing inequality around the world.Im always impressed by the innovative spirit in Africa. Heres a great list of African innovators.Ill never forget the first time I met @WarrenBuffett. Its been an amazing 25 years: #TBTWarren Buffett loves to play the ukulele. He asked me to sing along in our first #VR video:I met @WarrenBuffett 25 years ago today. Weve been laughing & learning together ever since:Beautiful map showing progress against malariaand how much work we still have to do.Im a big fan of @andy_murray. Its great to see him support the fight to #endmalaria:Fantastic research is going on to make batteries better and more affordable:Millions of people with HIV are receiving treatment, & the Global Fund is a big reason why:.@GlobalFund has helped save 17M lives since 2002. Im inspired by the leaders who are stepping up to support it:Good to meet @RiouxRemy. I'm impressed by AFDs ambitious plans in the fight against poverty and inequality.Great news from @fhollande. Frances pledge to @GlobalFund is vital to the work to end AIDS, TB and malaria:Everyone needs a coach. Yet, theres one group of people who receive almost no feedback to help them improve...Great #weekendread: @Atul_Gawande's Caltech commencement address is a powerful defense of science: via @NewYorkerIn my travels, Ive seen how lacking energy affects peoples lives, sometimes in surprising ways.If you gave me only one wish to help the worlds poorest people, this is what I would pickWhat would a world without energy look like? 1.4 billion people dont need to imagine:How will we feed 10 billion people? The future of farming is brighter than you might think:Happy Fathers Day to one of the most generous and wise people I know.There are some cool ideas out there for carbon capture and storage. This new approach could lock CO2 away forever:Scientists at my alma mater have created a bionic leaf that converts sunshine into fuel:Im so excited about chickens that I had a coop with live birds set up in New York:Melinda on the gender gap nobodys talking about. #StateOfWomen.@TheEconomist explains the good news about HIVand the remaining challenges:Melinda and I are excited about chickens. Heres how they can help lift families out of povertyWhen I asked @richardbranson to join the Breakthrough Energy Coalition, he didn't hesitate. We're lucky to have him:In Burkina Faso, there are probably more than 3 times as many chickens as people. Watch this video to learn why.If I were living in extreme poverty, Id want to raise chickens. Heres why:Heres how you can have a flock of chickens donated to a family in need on your behalf:Help me give away 100,000 chickens:The @SlaveryIndex shines a critical light on an issue that deserves more attention:.@charlesjkenny has written a new book on the past and future of epidemics. Terrific writer on an important topic:We are making big progress toward the energy technologies that will power the world:There is no shortage of books about Japans economy. This one is a great place to start:.@Alwaleed_Talal Inspired by your generosity and work through @alwaleed_philan.This clever book explains how math plays into our daily lives without our even knowing it:Great meeting with @ErnestMoniz, energy ministers and fellow members of the Breakthrough Energy Coalition.There has been a lot of progress recently so I want to give you an update on my energy work:Happy to welcome Airbnb founders @bchesky, @nathanblec and @jgebbia to the Giving Pledge:.@SueDHellmann envisions a world in which every parent will have the confidence to name their child. via @TEDTalks.@MikeBloomberg has shown tremendous leadership on climate change. I enjoyed his Annual Letter on Philanthropy:This novel inspired me to rekindle my sci-fi habit:I hope you find at least one book here that inspires you to go off the beaten path:Sleeping sickness is a disease most people have never heard ofheres what it is and how we can eliminate it.Want to help end child poverty? Dont miss The #RedNoseDay Special tonight at 9/8c on @nbc.I would recommend this book to anyone interested in the history and future of our species:All lives have equal value. It guides everything we do at the @gatesfoundation:Its clear from our TB and malaria workwe need a new approach to fighting drug-resistant infections: @ReviewonAMR.@SueDHellmann is a great partner. Heres what shes learned at the @gatesfoundation:These five books kept me up reading long past when I should have gone to sleep:Melinda and I read this book and we spent a lot of time talking about it at the dinner tableI loved working with Michael Kinsley when he started Slate for Microsoft. His new book on aging is terrific:If youre as fascinated by Japan as I am, this book is a must-read:The old way of thinking of the developing world is not that helpful. Heres why: via @qzThis funny, accessible book is a wonderful love letter to math:#RedNoseDay is a week away! Tweet or RT using #RedNose4Kids and our foundation will donate $10 to end child poverty.Ive had lots of great talks w/ @DKeithClimate about the economics of energy. Now you can take his class for free:.@melindagates explains why we are investing in better data for women and girlsThis year, I decided to do something a little different to launch my summer reading listmake my first #VR video:Looking for your next great read? Here are 5 books I recommend for this summer:As long as women are invisible, the benefits of development can't reach them. Heres how we can change this...100+ years after the light bulb was invented, a majority of Africans still live in the darkTake a look at the incredible path we are on to a polio-free world: via @gatesfoundationIve always appreciated @TEDchriss advice before my talks. Now he has made his insights available to everyone:Phenomenal support by @JustinTrudeau and people of Canada in the fight against AIDS, TB and malaria:"Progress is possible, but we all have a role to play in speeding it up." -@melindagates"The Vital Question is a stunning inquiry into the origin of life. I loved this book:The @otherlab team is working on a number of cool energy projects. It was fun to visit them and learn more.If you are interested in clean energy, I strongly encourage you read this free book:How the world is helping young African women fight HIV: via @MJGersonA remarkable #dataviz from @UCL_Energy of the worlds shipping routes: via @voxdotcomI was sad to learn of Sir David Mackays death. His book on energy is one of my favorites:Fred Wright, my high school geometry teacher, inspired my love for computers. #ThankATeacherNick Lane makes a compelling case for how energy made us who we are:How did life on earth begin? This author seeks to answer one of humanitys most compelling questions...Making my first virtual-reality video with a special guest star...In this fascinating book, Nick Lane explores the latest thinking on the origin of life:Every student deserves a chance to learn this essential 21st century skill: #CSForAllWhen it comes to human tragedy, no creature comes close to the devastation caused by this animal. #EndMalariaHeres why @George_Osborne and I are optimistic that we can #EndMalaria within our lifetimes...No matter how you see Americas future, I hope we can all agree on the role for innovation:Heres how technology can revolutionize the way teachers and students work together:Im hopeful that all of us who are passionate about education can help solve this problem:One of the best arguments I've read for why the U.S. should invest in an energy revolution:Eradicating polio will be one of the greatest achievements to date. Good progress to report:.@NIHDirector Thanks, Francis. I agree about partners. Heres to even more global health progress in the years ahead.The U.S. has been underfunding innovation for a decade. Heres why that matters:Anyone interested in helping create a better world should read this book:"Without risk, there is rarely reward." @PaulGAllen on why we need to invest in bioscience breakthroughs:Exciting to see the next generation of innovators participating in the #WHScienceFair:Rival scientists are now working together to sequence the genome of the mosquito that carries Zika: via @nytimesAs you can see from this chart, GDP is an incomplete measure of a countrys growth:My daughter Jenn just interviewed @MelindaGates for @HuffingtonPost's #TalkToMe series:Interesting post from @jeffraikes explaining why @Raikesfdn wont be a perpetual philanthropy:Who should get foreign aid? It is a harder question to answer than you might think:Getting rid of extreme poverty takes these 3 things: via @SueDHellmann @nickhurdmpMany seniors are thinking about where to go to college. Here's what Ive learned about what makes a school great:High school students are in for a treat. This ingenious comics artist is working on textbooks now:Theres a way to change this chart--and change lives: #HBCUI enjoy learning from @HansRosling so its great to see him in this new online course on global health:.@JCSUniversity gave Hajira Attah the support to succeed. I loved hearing her story.I learned a lot from these great students (not all of it was school related):These #HBCU have found innovative ways to help at-risk students excel:Hajira didnt have the scores to get into most colleges. But one school saw her potential:When I applied for college, I wanted to go to one of the "best schools." Here's what impresses me now:Proud to support Melindas efforts to challenge assumptions about the invisible work that women do. #LeanInTogetherIm sad to hear that Andy Grove has died. I loved working with him. He was one of the great business leaders of the 20th century.Mobile phone surveys are helping aid workers make real-time decisions during crises:A great Economist article on how Africans are attacking the barriers to higher productivity:Melinda and I had a lot of fun sharing our Annual Letter with teens from around the world:By 2020, this vaccine is expected to protect more than 400 million people:Dr. Paul Farmer is on @reddit for his first AMA. Im looking forward to asking him a question:Melinda and I recently spent a day in New York City launching our Annual Letter:Celebrate someones #SuperpowerForGood with @dosomething by making a card for them:Mosquitoes can be deadly, but eliminating them could leave predators without prey:Melinda and I support @DonorsChoose because we want every student to have the #BestSchoolDayThis is exactly the approach we need to prevent the next epidemic:Im hard at work on my latest @reddit_AMA. Join me now:Ill be joining @reddit today at 10AM PST to answer your questions:We need to keep narrowing the unpaid labor gap:Melinda and I are inspired by the people weve met across the globe:Why the burden of unpaid work falls heaviest on women in poor countries:Creating a zero-carbon future will take time, which is all the more reason to start now:Melinda explains why girls today will spend thousands more hours than boys doing unpaid workWhats your big idea? It could be the breakthrough that changes our world: via @Flocabulary.@HansRosling explains why cheap, reliable energy is critical for poor countries:Our experience working together has transformed who we are and continues to fuel our optimism about the world. #TBTIts amazing how much more we spend on gasoline than on clean energy research. I did the math to figure it out...A cheap, clean source of energy would change everything:Comic genius @eddieizzard is running 27 marathons in 27 days for #sportrelief Im proud to support him. #marathonmanEvas #superpowerforgood would be making sure that leaders listen to young people:We need to get from 36 billion tons of carbon a year to 0. Heres how:They may not read minds or see through walls, but these students are committed to using their #SuperpowerForGood...We spend more on gas in a week than the U.S. government does on clean energy research in a year.We need new inventions that improve our ability to store energy cheaply and efficiently:Nothing would improve the lives of the poorest more than access to energy:Without access to energy, the poor are denied all of the benefits that come with power:There are parts of the world where people are still waiting to enjoy this invention:Millions of the worlds poorest are farmers. They will be hit hardest by climate change:I recently sat down to answer questions from @nytopinion readers about why we need an energy miracle: via @RevkinWomen spend more time than men doing unpaid work. Melinda explains how we can change that:Which superhero has the worst powers? Try this quiz @melindagates and I put together:In Africa, this scene is all too common. A young girl doing her homework by candlelight:#WhenIWas15 my dad had a collection of early Superman comics and I read them all: #TBTAfrica has made extraordinary progress. But that prosperity hasnt reached everyone:Imagine your life without energy. For 1.3 billion people thats what life is like every day...Its hard to follow @KevinSpacey, but Melinda and I are excited to be on #FallonTonight.Tune in now to join me, @melindagates and @johngreen for a conversation with teens:My #SuperpowerForGood would be to find a cheap, clean source of energy to power our world:Melinda and I just released our Annual Letter. Heres our challenge to high school students:Join Melinda and me tomorrow at 1pm Eastern for a live Q&A hosted by John Green:.@akin_adesina argues that its time to start treating small farmers in Africa as business owners:This is a great ROI every $1 spent on vaccines returns at least $16:.@ForeignAffairs recently published a fascinating volume of essays on the future of farming:What is the worlds least connected continent? Hint, its not Antarctica:From Ebola to Zika, this lab in a suitcase provides crucial data for outbreaks: via @vergeAs a kid, I loved tinkering with computers. Its cool to see high-tech tools like 3-D printers in classrooms:Energy R&D is one area where weve historically invested far too little. Its great to see leaders changing course:The economic impact of nearly 8 billion hours of service by 63 million American volunteers is astonishing:Here's what we know about the Zika emergency and how we can tackle the virus:.@ReidHoffman explains how online networks will improve education:I had a blast taping this segment of #DesertIslandDiscs with Kirsty Young:.@melindagates explains why digital technology is a game-changer for #familyplanning: #ICFPIf you were stranded on a desert island, what music would you want to have? Heres my list:Richard Feynman has a lot in common with the amazing teachers Ive met across the country:.@codeorg is making an extraordinary commitment to prepare 25,000 teachers to teach computer science: #CSForAllIn 1965, Richard Feynman shared a Nobel Prize in Physics. Heres what made him so special:I had great teachers growing up, but Richard Feynman is the best teacher I never had:  #TBTThe Feynman lectures are essential reading for anyone seeking an introduction to physics:Celebrating the UKs commitment to the global fight against malaria with @George_Osborne:We aren't prepared to handle a massive epidemic. Investing now could save lives:The green revolution was one of the great breakthroughs of all time. Now we need to bring that advance to Africa.The power of a phone in every pocket is transforming the lives of the poor:10 things you should know about progress around the world:Sustained support for innovation is crucial to accelerating progress for the worlds poorest people:Digital technology is fundamentally reorganizing life for the poorest people in the world:Looking forward to my time as a castaway on #DesertIslandDiscs, but it will be tough to pick just one book. Tune into @bbcradio4 on 1/31.It was great to meet this teacher who decided to bring his classroom into the 21st century:The next time you flush a toilet, consider this: 1 billion people dont have a place to go:Weve never eradicated a parasitic disease before. @CarterCenter is close to changing that:Ricky Thackers unusual classroom is one example of what makes him such a great teacher:Im inspired by stories like Lakeishas. She is building a bright future for herself through education..@melindagates profiles three people we recently met at an amazing high school in Kentucky:Betsy Layne shows whats possible when good teachers have the tools to become great:In 2000, AIDS, TB & malaria seemed unstoppable. But the world fought back: via @GlobalFundI recently met Lakeisha Crum, the first in her family to go to college. Loved her story:I always enjoy meeting with students. Theyre curious, energetic and arent afraid to ask the tough questions.Melinda and I recently met with some remarkable students and teachers in Kentucky:In 1988, polio was endemic in 128 countries. The list is now down to just two:One of my favorite stories of 2015: the successful elimination of rubella from the Americas:One of the best tools weve ever seen for helping people lift themselves out of poverty:This revolutionary vaccine has had remarkable success in curbing meningitis cases in Africa:I wish these interactive tools and video lessons were around when I was in high school:Here are six stories from this year that show how the world is getting better:In April, @neiltyson gave a brilliant speech on scientific knowledge and discovery:These Nobel laureates have developed indispensable tools for fighting diseases of the poor:Bonos getting back on his bike for a good cause, and you could join him (at your own risk):To balance out the negative headlines, my 6 favorite good news stories from 2015:M-KOPA Solar hopes to prove that solar energy can be marketed at scale in Africa:Cant wait to see #StarWars. In the meantime you can learn to write code with BB-8:This was a harrowing read. These Ebola workers are heroes:Were working with partners to fight poverty in Islamic countries. Heres how:Two things recently had me reflecting on life: turning 60 and reading this book:A lot of books about Nixon are too black-and-white. This one resists simplistic assessments:Randall Munroes author photo is spare, quirky, and funny, just like his writing:I had a lot of fun reading these 6 books. I hope you find something to your liking:Carol Dweck makes an intriguing argument: your self-image has a big impact on how you learn:This book is a compelling look at the history of eradication and how we can save more lives:If youve ever watched a @khanacademy lectureI certainly havethis is a good time to lend them your support:A clever look at how we can cut emissions by making and using stuff more efficiently:An important discussion about the role that gene-editing could play in fighting malaria:The best books I read this year, in 75 seconds..@melindagates has some great gift ideas for the young scientists in your life:Six of the best books I read in 2015:Everyone should learn a bit about coding. This new Minecraft-based tutorial makes it easy:It was an honor to meet the HOPE Award recipients with @MBZNews. Their brave work is helping end polio.@Alwaleed_Talal @alwaleed_philan Thank you for your leadership and your commitment to innovation.Switching to clean energy takes decades, so we need to start innovating now:If I could change the price of one thing to improve the lives of people everywhere, it would be energy.Join @melindagates and me in our favorite holiday tradition: #GivingTuesday.@POTUS Thank you for your leadership. What a historic day.Cheap, clean energy will help us fight poverty & climate change. Thats why Im investing in energy innovations:Im excited to announce the Breakthrough Energy Coalition:My dad turns 90 tomorrow. Heres why hes my hero:A thoughtful look at Melinda's tireless work to improve the lives of women & girls: @ForbesTwo reasons why we need to help female farmers be as productive as their male counterparts:This revolutionary vaccine could end Africa's meningitis epidemics: via @TheEconomistRandall Munroes new book is filled with laugh-out-loud moments. Heres my review:I got a kick out of Randall Munroe's Thing Explainer. More on his entertaining new book:16 interesting examples of what people are doing to reduce their carbon emissions: via @qzGreat teachers and students made our visit to Betsy Layne HS in KY incredible. More soon from the tripMy first company wasnt a success. Great to see students learning to embrace failure: #TBTGot to sample VR breakthroughs, including the chance to return @MariaSharapova's serve. Very cool.A drug used widely to treat tropical diseases may also help stop malaria from spreading:I hope you are as inspired by @MelindaGatess #MyGivingStory as I am:Thanks @CDCgov for an amazing day. Great to see @GatesScholars like Laura having an impact.It's hard to appreciate the power of light until you've experienced complete darkness:Whats the scariest animal in the world? I hope someday we won't have to fear these beasts:.@Atul_Gawande on why primary health systems are fundamental to saving lives:This miracle substance could save 800K kids/year& has existed since the start of humanity:Thank You!I read more books about diseases than about any other subject. Here are some of my favorites.@melindagates explains how better data can help save more lives:  via @WiredUKHow to make sure the worlds climate-change fund helps the people who will be hit hardest:Were 99% of the way there. Be part of history. Help end polio:This is my kind of Sunday comicThe fight to #endpolio is a massive global undertaking. I want to thank everyone involved:Help #endpolio now. Give to Rotary today and the Gates Foundation will triple your impact:The polio vaccines teams working in remote and sometimes dangerous locations are amazing:The chance to end a disease is within our grasp. Lets #endpolio once and for all: via @CNNIts an honor to support the heroes fighting to end polio:The people involved in the fight against polio inspire me. I wrote them a thank-you note:#TBT to my first job, a software project for the BPA:These brave healthcare workers are a huge reason why were so close to eradicating polio:Scientists have discovered a set of genes that could decrease the risk of getting malaria:A beautiful map for a beautiful idea: ending a scourge that kills 450,000 people a year, within a generation..@HansRosling explains why it would be mad not to end extreme poverty in 15 years:Digital technology is a powerful tool that can transform the way Africa grows its food. Heres how:Is it really possible to achieve the Global Goals? @shepleygreen argues yesbut with a big IF:Why Paul Farmer calls Ebola a caregivers diseaseand how hes helping out:Teachers are hungry for useful feedback. Lets help them get what they deserve:Great article in @TheEconomist on why its getting easier to stop deadly diseases:My daughter and I got to see the new movie about Malala Yousafzai. Our thoughts:Countries cant improve what they dont measure. Lets make every death and birth count:What do these objects have in common? They helped bring down polio, smallpox, and diphtheria:Video of my chat with Malala Yousafzai about her life & the new movie about her:Malala is a real inspiration. My impressions from our meeting and the new movie about her:.@ryanbriggs turns his sons health crisis into a powerful argument for development:One of the drugs behind this years Nobel Prize in Medicine started out as a heartworm pill for dogs. Amazing story:A well-deserved Nobel Prize for scientists whose work will help eradicate river blindness and, one day, malaria:Could computer modeling and machine learning help prevent the next epidemic? @IEEESpectrumInvesting in health is good for people, and for the economy. @LHSummers explains:Cellphone records could help doctors predict which places might be hit by dengue:Progress is possible because weve seen it already especially for women and children:Not long ago, AIDS, TB and malaria looked unstoppable. Today, weve saved 17 million lives:Great talk w/ @narendramodi and @fhollande on need for new sources of cheap, clean, reliable energy.A look back at the MDGs and 15 million reasons to be optimistic about the future:The MDGs made a fantastic difference in peoples lives around the world and the #GlobalGoals can do the same:The cost of higher ed is too high for too many. Heres what needs to change:Were lucky to have such a passionate advocate for women & girls. My daughters are going to be jealous of this photo..@JohnGreen explains why this has been a really good 25 years for humans: #GlobalGoalsNearly 700M cases of malaria have been prevented since 2000. Now we need to hit the gas:In 15 years, extreme poverty has been halved. Now lets make it a thing of the past: #GlobalGoalsThis report confirms what Ive seen on the ground. Africans are optimistic about the future:Health is getting better around the worldbut the progress is uneven:Poverty is sexist. My friend Bono explains why in this great article:In 1990 1/3 of global population lived on less than $1.25/day. What fraction is that poor now?How much of the U.S. budget goes to foreign aid?In July, test results were published for a vaccine with 100% efficacy to stop which disease?Why should you care about the #GlobalGoals?I visit this website a few times every monthits a treasure trove of information:The brilliant Chris Murray explains the impact of investing to save moms:Heres my review of a recent book about the guy behind my favorite obscure website:How do the worlds children die? This chart could look very different in 15 years:The team at @IHME_UW have documented one of the great success stories in all of development:See if you can beat my score on this quiz about the world:3 videos that explain what difference the new Global Goals can make:What fact would scientists want humanity to know if civilization was destroyed? via @BuzzFeedTune in to @think_it_up tonight to find out how you can support teachers and students:More than a billion people live without electricity. This is what their world looks like:The @guardian puts a face on the great progress and great challenges weve seen in Africa:Why are we impatient optimists? @MelindaGates explains in this great HuffPost column:Im optimistic that we can avoid the worst impacts of climate change and feed the worldif we act now:Edible saltwater batteries? It sounds crazy, but its the kind of energy innovation we need to explore: via @ozyA good example from Hawaii of the kind of energy innovation we should be investing in:Here are some simple, innovative ways poor farmers can adapt to climate change:#TBT to my early days at Harvard. My hair was a little longer back then...Small farmers like Wilbroda are using new to tools to help adapt to climate change:As Andy @Revkin explained back in 2007, warming is global, but it is far worse for the worlds poorest:Who will suffer most from climate change? The worlds poorest farmers. Heres how we can help:It sounds small, but reinventing this form could have a huge impact on college students livesHappy birthday @WarrenBuffett! I hope I'm still crushing it at ping pong when I'm 85.It may seem counter-intuitive, but birth rates actually fall when we invest in womens health:Our foundations @OrinLevine explains how better data is helping more kids get immunized:Moving from one energy source to another takes time. We need to support innovation to speed up the transition:Weve reached an important milestone in the fight to end polio. Now let's make history: @CNNHelp teachers get ready for #backtoschool. Well match your donation to @DonorsChoose today:Join us and support your favorite teacher. Well double your gift to Donors Choose today:.@MelindaGates learns how technology is empowering teachers and making their jobs easier:These 3 trends are proof that technology is making an impact on teachers and students:.@MelindaGates recounts her conversations with inspirational and passionate teachers:I actually think of him as a hero a great video on how teachers change kids lives:Sometimes teachers dont have all the answers, and thats OK:I learned a lot from talking to Washingtons Teacher of the Year @LyonTerry:The machine turning poop into clean water could improve the lives of many in poor countries:This invention backed by our foundation is turning sewage into gold in Dakar, Senegal:I can relate. @satyanadella visited Kenya and was struck by the opportunity to help Kenyans improve their lives:I drank water made from human feces. Heres an update on the machine that produced that water:This is the kind of clean energy research we need more of: via @voxdotcomMy favorite magazine makes a good case for investing more in research on clean energy: @TheEconomistWe can avoid the worst climate-change scenarios and lift people out of poverty. Heres how:One more reason to invest in innovationaffordable clean energy will help fight poverty:This is the kind of innovation we need producing more food + reducing impact on the climate:We urgently need more R&D on solutions to stop climate change:Poor countries will suffer the most from climate change. Heres something we can do about it:.@MelindaGates makes a great case for how smartphones could transform womens lives: via @TheEconomistIm investing $1 billion in clean-energy innovations:Melinda was in Malawi recently and wrote about three people doing amazing work to save women and kids there:You know science is cool when entertainment mags start covering itDiamonds arent as eternal as you might think:I like cat videos as much as the next guy, but this listicle is more my speed via @PATHtweetsStuff Matters is a fun read by a witty writer. Heres one thing I learned from it:Im impressed check out Abby Lammers response to one of @BigHistoryPros biggest questions:I was impressed by this @TEDTalks back in March. @AnandWrites captures the dreams and fears of American immigrants:People living with HIV can expect to live two decades longer than those diagnosed in 2001:Im obsessed with playing bridge. @markmiodownik is obsessed with stuff:For poor countries, development isnt just about foreign aid. Investment and taxes matter just as much, if not more:Exciting progress! Researchers have moved one step closer to a one-dose malaria cure:Scientists uncover history of the Black Death...and shed new light on disease transmission:#TBT to my trip to Ethiopia with @JohnGreen and his first helicopter ride:Melinda and I agreeif you want to empower women and girls, become a Global Citizen:Theres two reasons Melinda and I believe in empowering women and girls: a moral reason, and an economic one:How can we engage American youth who are neither employed nor in school? via @CityLabFascinating @WIRED piece on why Ebola survivors hold the key to future treatments:Epic Measures is a fantastic read. Im proud to support @IHME_UWs work: via @NPRHeres one important step we can take to make applying for college financial aid simpler and shorter: via @WSJAre we going to ask you to support another campaign to empower women and girls? Absolutely:People often ask Melinda and me how they can get involved. Heres what we tell them:Health provides one of the best returns on investment that Ive ever seen:A great explanation for why we need to help poor farmers grow more food: @TheEconomistIve got an ambitious goal: save 61 million lives. Heres how it can be done:An admirable milestone! @Alwaleed_Talal inspires with a pledge to donate all of his wealth:$42M flows through these banks daily. Best of all, you can keep them in your pocket: @WSJAlways fun meeting @ONECampaign Youth Ambassadors, the next generation of those creating change #SolidaysShow @BigHistoryPro what it means to be human. Submit a video here:A data nerd after my own heart...Man searches for the best charity: via @TheAtlanticPaul Ford skillfully captures how code runs our lives. It's interesting how little coding has changed over theWe asked people to test out a new condom. Heres what they said:New ways to keep mosquitoes out of houses could help strengthen the fight against malaria: @qzHeres why the Beast Burger and other plant-based meats are cooking up so much interest: @TIMEWhats the secret to a better #TB test? Competition: via @nytimesfixesIm happy to see so many smart people working on this. An energy breakthrough could have a huge impact on the planet:Can a "cash on delivery" approach to aid help improve results? @TheEconomist explores:It seems backward but immunizing mosquitos could be key to protecting ourselves:Mobile banking is a critical tool in the fight against poverty and Africa is leading the way:Passing knowledge btwn generations makes us unique. What do you think it means to be human?Another reason to focus on college completion: low-income students fall behind wealthy onesFree SAT test prep from @khanacademy is another way the Internet is making education more equitable: via @WIREDThe G7 has been talking about how to prevent the next epidemic. Great to see Ron Klain pushing for bold steps:Mapping work to fight cholera could help prepare us for the next epidemic:Hard to imagine a person better suited than @Chancellor_CCC to help college students succeed:What many people may not realizeAmerica is facing a shortage of college graduates:Heres why were doubling our commitment to make sure kids in the developing world have enough to eat:Lidia Sanchez was the first in her family to go to college. Heres her inspiring story:I spoke with @Chancellor_CCC about how we can fill a job gap of 11 million. Her strategy:Although I dropped out and got lucky, getting a degree is a much surer path to success:There are 216 million fewer hungry people than in 1990, but progress is uneven:Why didnt the so-called population bomb ever go off? @NYTimes explains:Ive made a couple of predictions that came true. But nothing like Moores Law:Another strong @charlesjkenny piece: Making fragile gains on the worlds deadliest diseases:In the next 20 years, hundreds of millions of people will be lifted out of extreme poverty:Great to see theres global agreement: Crucial to learn lessons from Ebola & get prepared for the next epidemic..@MelindaGates on why user-centered design is essential for improving peoples lives: via @VoxYou will rip through this memoir in 3 hours, tops. But youll wish it went on longer, because its funny as hell:Here are 7 books I read recently I thought you might enjoy:I got a kick out of Randall Munroes brilliant, offbeat science lessons:Should we eat meat? This book I recently read offers great food for thought:In science, were all kids. Thats why I got so much out of this @RichardDawkins book:Even an incompetent crew couldnt ruin this #RedNoseDay PSA @MelindGates and I shot:#RedNoseDay is a great (and entertaining) way to give back and help the worlds poor:Tweet a selfie with your red nose using #RedNose25 & @GatesFoundation will give $25 to fight poverty.This book does a good job explaining why children who don't get vaccinated can even affect those who do:I picked this book up after seeing it on a @WSJ list of good books for investors:Every summer I try to do a little extra reading. Here are a few books you might enjoy:Fascinating. The measles vaccine may protect against "immune system amnesia":One of my favorite #TEDtalks this year: @pcronald makes a strong case for engineering food:.@pcronalds research could help millions of farmers grow crops in flood-prone regions:Scientists think nature may be responsible for the first GMO at least 8,000 years ago:Warren is a fantastic mentor and friend. Here are a few of my favorite photos of us: #TBTEven some of the worst-off countries can make great progress in saving kids' lives. Here's howAt this year's shareholder meeting, @WarrenBuffett told me about his rules for smart investing:Heres how we celebrated 50 yrs of @WarrenBuffetts leadership of Berkshire Hathaway:Heres why we are working hard to stop malaria:Because of this vaccine, another disease has been eradicated from the Americas:The Ebola epidemic will have terrible ripple effects long after the last caseunless we act:Turns out Moneyball isnt just good for sports. In Rwanda, its helping to save lives:A great argument for why the worlds poorest countries need way more energy:  via @NYTimesCitizen cartographers are helping earthquake efforts by mapping roads & open spaces:Excellent article on little-known fact about college: For most Americans the challenge isnt going; its finishing:Can stepping up the fight against TB really make a difference? Absolutely a huge difference.Why I think we can close the health gap between rich and poor countries and what that would mean:Over the next 15 years, the world can prevent 10 million people from dying of tuberculosis:Imagine every child born in the US over 20 yrs. Thats how many lives we could save by 2030:This investment is a no brainer:What good would it do to step up the fight against HIV? How about this:The idea of saving one persons life is profound and thrilling. Imagine saving 21 million:Whats at stake when world leaders adopt goals for the next 15 years? Millions of lives and unprecedented progress:Daniel @Berehulaks amazing Pulitzer-winning photos pay tribute to the fight to save lives:Intrepid reporting on efforts to stop the next animal-to-human virus from emerging in Africa:A great illustration of why its important to make sure the fight against extreme poverty doesnt leave anyone behindExcellent look at many of the new tools for combating #malaria and reasons to think we can save even more lives:I like pepperoni as much as anyone. But I was blown away by how much Americans eat:Heres why Africa leads the world in sending, spending, and saving money via mobile phone:Making an HIV vaccine is especially hardbut not impossible, as this paper explains:This #Seattle-based photographer is documenting where foodeveryones food-- comes from:How to get developing countries more protein without wrecking the planet? @VaclavSmils solution:In my late twenties I went vegetarian. But it didnt stick. Heres why: #TBTI love hamburgers, but I had no idea how much blood I ingest along with them:A quarter of all ice-free land in the world is used for grazing livestock:Congrats to @ElizKolbert on her Pulitzer for The 6th Extinction, a terrific look at humanitys impact on the Earth:Great leadership by the UK. This historic aid commitment will save the lives of millions:As people earn more, they want to eat more meat. But what if eating meat wrecks the planet?The African CDC could be a game-changer for preventing, detecting & treating outbreaks:Heres a real, tangible way to get involved and help end global poverty: #globalcitizenInteresting research. A new cure for tuberculosis could be wrapped up in a 200-year-old mummy:The Great Stink paved the way for Londons modern sewerage system:What I learned when I went on the road to talk about how unprepared we are for the next epidemic:As cool as the mid-20th century looks on #MadMen, life is way better today:Can an innovative light bulb help fight malaria?A new way to measure health: not just what we die of, but what makes us sick.This is great. A wedding dress maker is helping to create a better Ebola suit:Economic growth doesnt always improve well-being. @MichaelEPorter on 2015 @socprogress:Computer worms use 2 routes to infect as many computers as possible. HIV might do the same:If I had been born in Ghana, my life expectancy would be 7 years shorter:In 2011, an engineering student wanted to help save lives. So he built the Excrevator:These pictures aren't just pretty. They can help us predict how an epidemic will spread:.@melindagates explains how cell phones are helping women ascend from poverty:This is how deadly a really bad flu epidemic could be. Here's how we prevent it:The Ebola epidemic is tragic. But the next epidemic could be devastating. My new #TEDTalk: #ebolaresponseIs the Ebola crisis actually an example of Africas progress? @HansRosling explores:This bean could help feed millions in the developing world, even as temperatures rise:"On Immunity" is a great book that is not out to demonize anyone who holds opposing views:On Immunity is a mothers beautifully written exploration of the truth & misinformation surrounding immunization:I learn a lot from @GatesFoundation CEO @SueDHellmann. In 10 minutes you can ask her a Q:Human waste and sewage make the wheels on this bus go round and round:Since 2010, childrens and mothers lives have been saved at the fastest rate ever:The new book Becoming Steve Jobs ( has me thinking of my old friend. A true visionary. #TBTVery interesting. A new test could help us understand how malaria evolves:The world needs to arm itself for a different type of wara war against germs:7 things we'll need to strengthen before the next epidemic:The next epidemic could be 1,000x worse than Ebola. Heres what I hope we do about it:My favorite business book and a guide to lying with statistics. 6 books I recommend: #TED2015This suit is hot enough in Vancouver. What would it be like treating patients in W Africa?Microbesnot missilesare what could kill 10M people:Getting new tools to the people fighting Ebola is harder than it needs to be:@DrFriedenCDC Thanks, TomI've learned a lot from our conversations about all this.@GaviSeth Really enjoyed your talk. Thought they complemented each other well.Were not ready for the next epidemic. Heres what it will take:Ebola suits make everything more difficult. Even writing a simple message like this:The world isnt prepared to handle a massive epidemic. But we can get there:@sapinker Thanks for sharing, Steven. Its my hope this helps the world continue to get better.@AndyWeberNCB Thanks for all youre doing, Andy. Its important we use this moment to rally support.Thanks for taking the time to read it, @Atul_Gawande. Your work was a real inspiration for it.What did we learn from Ebola? We need to be better WHEN the next epidemic hits:I think @WarrenBuffetts a better investor today than ever before. Heres why:If you only read one part of @WarrenBuffetts annual letter, I highly recommend this section:.@WarrenBuffetts latest annual letter is his best ever. I highly recommend it:I've read all 50 of @WarrenBuffett's annual letters and this one's his most important:Great teachers have been instrumental in my life. That's why I'm a big fan of the Global #TeacherPrize:Weve come a long way since the first HIV test was invented 30 years ago:Yes, putting a silly red nose on your face really can help fight malaria. Happy Red Nose Day to the UK.Mosquito sex is helping scientists fight malaria. Seriously:Its a good start. The global gender gap is closing in primary school:Women and girls couldn't ask for a better champion. And I couldn't ask for a better partner in work and in life.Proof the world is getting better. More mothers than ever are surviving child birth:Vaccine controversy is as old as vaccination itself. @DavidOshinsky explains the history:I always learn a lot from @warrenbuffetts annual letter. This year is no exception:Interesting look. 50 countries traveling at different speeds towards the digital future:Powerful. This @NPR feature takes you inside a village trying to move on after Ebola:The blue bars tell a great story. More children are surviving than ever before:Research on dinosaur growth may help us save childrens lives:.@MelindaGates on how in 15 years life will be dramatically better for the worlds poorest:Kids love dinosaurs. This research may help dinosaurs return the favor:Thanks to @PMHarper @ThomasMulcair @JustinTrudeau and the people of Canada for a great visit and partnership in saving lives.As crazy as it sounds, dinosaur growth may give us important insights into childhood stunting:Here's how we can build high performing health care systems even in the poorest countries:What do dinosaurs have to do with undernourished children? More than you might think:How much do you know about poverty & hunger? The average score on this @guardian quiz is 3:Here's what happened to U.S. infection rates once vaccines were introduced:Time is precious when an outbreak hits. A new wave of diagnostic tools could be critical:Heres how Africa will be able to feed itself in just 15 years:Heres a great @HarvardBiz article about one of my favorite books of last year:Where do most people live? This new map makes it easy to see:Why were the Ebola forecasts so far off? @TheEconomist explains:Mobile money is going to make it easier for the poor to get credit. Heres a big first step:From the front lines, this doctor calls for an all out war against malaria: via @WSJA new wave of innovation is solving the problem of digital money for the poor:Over the next 15 years, online courses will be wildly better than even the best is today:This could be crucial. A malaria test that detects the disease before symptoms show:A trailblazer, Hopper is one of the most fascinating figures in coding: @FiveThirtyEightI just updated my profile photo in appreciation of my @Reddit Secret Santas. Read about what I got in my #AMA recap:Bad news comes in headlines, but improvements come one life at a time. My Annual Letter recap:Debating skeptics, calling on global citizens and a big successon the road for this year's Annual Letter:What about Ebola? and other questions from our Annual Letter tour:Today, 2 billion people dont have a bank account. In 15 years theyll be making payments with their phones: @vergeThis trip enriched my life. Sign up if youre interested in becoming a global citizen:Were helping launch a new effort to mobilize global citizens in the fight against poverty. We hope youll join:Heres how banking is changing for people across the world & why it matters:A hard-nosed argument for investing in women and girls from @JacqEHoward:These four keys are helping African farmers grow more food:Over 15 yrs, deaths from these diseases will continue to decline & more children will thrive:Our foundation gives more money to education than to any other cause in the U.S. Heres why:Heres an innovation that I think will trickle up from developing countries to the rich world:By 2030, 2B people who dont have a bank account today will be storing money with their phonesI love this chart. We are going to cut child deaths by half, AGAIN. Here's how:Kenyas mobile banking revolution is what we want for all countries:70% of people in developing countries already have the key to their financial future:In the coming years, software will revolutionize online learning:.@melindagates and I are making a big bet, just like @PaulGAllen and I did 40 years ago: #tbtBy 2030, HIV cases will be declining around the globe--for the first time since the disease was discovered:15 years from now, most people in poor countries will be able to take classes online:Hi @reddit, Im starting my #AMA now:Ask me anything on @reddit this morning at 10:15 a.m. Pacific time.There are more mobile money accounts than adults in Kenya. Here's why that's a good thing:If youre looking for smart investments, this ones a no brainer:Proof the world is getting better, faster. Learn more about our big bets for the future:I'm betting that digital banking will help the poor radically transform their lives:In the next 15 years, higher crop yields will help Africa feed its people:7 of 10 people in Sub-Saharan Africa are farmers, yet Africa has to import food to survive:Were betting that better seeds, fertilizer, and education will make a world of difference for millions of farmers:Here's why raising farm yields in Africa is so crucial:Would you say this gap has grown or shrunk since 1990? Find out:Vaccines are a phenomenal investment. Theyve saved more than 6M lives since 2000:By 2030, we'll cut child deaths by halfand eradicate more diseases than ever before:This is one of the greatest accomplishments in global health and we're primed to do it again:In 5,000 years of human history, only one disease has been eradicated. We can end four more in just 15 years:We can get polio out of Africa this year, and everywhere else in the next several years:Some will say were overly optimistic, but Melinda and I have never been so sure about a bet we've made"In 15 years, we went from no space program to boots on the moon." What can we do in 15 more?Here are 5 proven, existing interventions that save newborn lives:I had a lot of fun in NYC launching our Annual Letter:Theres never been a better time to accelerate progress around the world:.@melindagates and I think the next 15 years will be transformative for poor countries:.@melindagates and I just released our Annual Letterwere making a big bet for the future:I challenged @jimmyfallon to a #poopwater taste test. Tune-in to #FallonTonight to see what he thought.Why do people die young? It depends on where they live:Burning wood for fuel is bad for people and the environment. Heres a promising alternative: via @NatGeoThis powerful video shows where preventable diseases are still threatening lives:Good story about how the youngest signers of the Giving Pledge @CariTuna & @moskov think about philanthropy:Scientists may have unlocked the door to developing new antibiotics: via @WSJThese powerful photos are a reminder of the fantastic progress weve made against polio:Cheers to this engineering miracle. A machine that turns poop into tasty drinking water:I toured a device that will turn poop into drinkable water and electricity. Remarkable:From your toilet to my glass...I got to taste water made from human waste:Weve nearly defeated Guinea worm, plus 25 more reasons the world is getting better @voxdotcom4 innovations Ive seen that are helping poor farmers grow more and earn more:Heres my list of good news thats worth celebrating as you ring in the new year:If you want to save and improve lives around the world, vaccines are a fantastic investment:The worlds not falling apart. As @billclinton said, Follow the trend lines, not the headlines. via @sapinkerExciting progress on a new dengue vaccine: via @IFLScience14 eye-popping charts that tell the story of global development in 2014: @ONECampaignThe brilliant @Atul_Gawande looks at the fascinating complexities of healthcare in India:One of my favorite trendsmore children are living to see their 5th birthday than ever before. This is the catalyst:One of my favorite stories of 2014: In just one year, Nigeria went from 50 polio cases to 6:Were no longer losing ground in the fight against AIDS. Some very good news just came out:Last chance to make your 2014 donations. I recommend @khanacademy. It provides free education for anyone anywhere:Well done, #nerdfighters. Your support for Project for Awesome was, well, awesome. World Suck is on the run.I got involved in global health because of rotavirus, so I'm happy to see this progress:Welcome news! This year we finally had a promising breakthrough in tuberculosis treatment:Since 2001, the world has saved 13.6 million childrens lives. Id call that progress:2014 was a tough year. Im taking a minute to look back at some of the bright spots:I gave @GraemeSimsions novel to 50 friends. Then Melinda & I talked to him about why its so good:I loved The Rosie Project. I got a sneak peak at the sequel too:Check out this chart. The world is being reshaped because more children are surviving:Calling all #nerdfighters. @johngreen and I hope youll support Project for Awesome:This might be the most mind-blowing fact I learned this year:One of the best books I read in 2014. It tries to unlock the formula for Asias rapid growth:Pikettys Capital sparked a fantastic global discussion about inequality. My thoughts on it:This neglected classic is still my favorite business book ever:5 terrific books I read this year: #Bestof2014It was hard to pick the best books I read in 2014. See what made the cut:tools are way better than what these guys started with  #HourofCodeThis is one of my favorite success stories vaccines have put Nigeria within reach of polio eradication:I often say vaccines are one of the best health investments. Heres why:Just a few hours leftMelinda and I will match your donation to @ShotAtLife #GivingTuesdayWere matching donations to @ShotAtLife today. Help save a life for #GivingTuesday:A great holiday tradition: Giving to a cause you care about #GivingTuesdayA big milestone in the fight against AIDS: More people get treatment than become infectedGreat news: Canada just pledged C$500 million to help reach every child with life-saving vaccines:Really exciting Real-time advice and market intelligence are helping African farmers succeed:Inspiring news worth reading @Slate: Are We on the Verge of a Polio-Free Africa? Short answer: yes.Ebola continues to claim lives, but there are glimmers of good news. @TheEconomistWatch this short, informative video on why Ebola spread in West Africa: by @HansRoslingJuggling life and school is never easy. I was really impressed by this students story:Whats working for college students taking online courses? I went to Arizona to find out:I went to Arizona this month to see the future of college. Got to meet some impressive students:Malthus wrote one of the most influential essays in history...but its wrong: Nice work, @johngreen.I like the creativity... a video game that could help train health workers on Ebola: via @nprHow mobile money could help people in poor countries be more self-sufficient:Some creative South Africans made a backpack that doubles as a lamp for evening homework @qzDr. Ada Igonoh survived Ebola in Lagos. Her moving story shows health workers at their best:Dr. Ada Igonoh survived Ebola. Last week she handed me her story & it blew me away. She let me share it on my blog:Great meeting Angela Merkel- phenomenal to have support for global health w/Germanys G7 agenda, @Gavi & child healthJust spoke to @UKHouseofLords about progress on Ebola, malaria & other diseases. A real honor.Glad to see this story told. How Nigeria's anti-polio efforts armed it to fight Ebola: @NPRSee how malaria is disappearing from the globe 150 yrs of history shown in 60 seconds.Cologne for cattle and other weapons to fight bugs:If youre interested in learning about the worlds deadliest animal, nothing beats this book:4 great reads on disease, including a book by one of my heroes:This December Ill host a live chat with a few classrooms for the #HourofCode. You can sign up your classroom here:Were in a position to eradicate #malaria within a generation. Heres how:  #TropMed14Work by a team @UCSF could help predict and prevent the spread of malaria:This Hungarian astrophysicist is trying to fight malaria with curtains made of light: via @ozyHow many Africans live w/in reach of electricity but dont have it? More than you might think:Most poor farmers tools havent changed in ages. These 4 inventions are making a difference:Thanks! This Science Dad couldn't be prouder. MT @melindagates Happy birthday to @BillGatesSaturday morning Science Dad.Cassava is the most interesting vegetable in the world. Six reasons its so fascinating:Hear from young innovators and entrepreneurs taking on the worlds toughest challenges @SVPFastPitch 10/28 in Seattle60 years ago, polio was putting everyone at risk. But people channeled their fears into a common purpose:From FDR to children in Pakistan and Afghanistan, @TIME reflects on the fight to end polio:Phenomenal. @PaulGAllen is committing $100 million to #TackleEbola. Heres how you can help:Fewer go hungry than everbut malnutrition is still a problem in some countries: via @guardianAt @Cornell theyre using geneticsbut not genetic engineeringto improve crops:It really is all about sex. - A @Cornell University scientist on agriculture:My favorite part of visiting @Cornell? Learning about the love life of plants:You may not have heard of Adm. Ziemer or the program he runs. Both have made a huge impact on malaria. Great profile:Lifes gotten remarkably better for the worlds poor. Explore this data playground to see how:Great visualization Shows #Ebola spreads slower, is more fatal than other diseases.Income inequality is a big problemand theres more we can do to reduce it. My thoughts on Pikettys Capital:Vaccines can save as many as 6 million livesbut @ONECampaign needs your help to make it happen:It sounds odd, but the world really needs better insect repellant. This scientist is trying to make one:Did you know the body initially limits the spread of HIV? Researchers are trying to use this to develop a vaccine:When markets fail, philanthropy can step in. Lessons from 10 yrs of Grand Challenges:Pat Brown makes fake meat. Ive tasted it and its pretty convincing. You hardly notice the plant blood.@narendramodi has India talking about toiletsand thats a great thing.#Ebola is a short-term crisis with long-term implications. How I think it will play out:The best news youll see all day, says @voxdotcom. I cant argue. @UNICEFAvoiding excessive alarm is wise; avoiding excessive complacency, wiser still. @SueDHellmann on Ebola in the US:Why poor countries deserve cheap, reliable energy: Midtown Manhattan uses more than all of Kenya.I let nerdfighter @realjohngreen take over my blog to talk about saving lives in Ethiopia:How can software help teachers adapt to the unique needs of students? Two great examples: @smart_sparrow & @acrobatiqI got to meet two bright students who came up with a promising invention:No, its not a new contact lens...This #ImagineCup creation could be a real life saver:There's a lot of green on this mapwhich is goodbut still not enough. #MDGThis is a bright idea. A solar startup from the creators of #MPESA is catching on in #Africa: via @gigaomWell done, #nerdfighters! @realjohngreen @waterI love this GIF. Watch child mortality plummet around the world:By ignoring gender inequalities, many development projects fail. @melindagates explains: @sciencemagazineHow can we spark global progress? Watch @melindagates live at 2pm ET #2030NOW.@realjohngreen Happy to help reduce world suck!How do shark attacks affect what we know about global poverty? Watch this great #TEDTalk:This is a pivotal moment for India. Here's what @MelindaGates and I hope to learn on our visit this month:Countries that dont engage women in the workforce lose up to 27% GDP per capita: @CFR_orgYou wont see this banana at the grocery, but it is critical to feeding the worlds poor: @qzMeeting with former NFL player Steve Gleason post-Ice Bucket opened my eyes to what life is like with #ALS:What does it take to climb out of the poverty trap? @realjohngreen and I talked about it in Ethiopia:By fighting Ebola now, we can make sure it doesn't become endemic in W Africa. Join our CEO @SueDHellmann at #ebolachat at 9:30 am PTNeat. A home design trend from the U.S. provides a cheap health solution in Rwanda: via @NPRThe Vlogbrothers explain the Big Bang in this fast, fun video for @BigHistoryPro:What does it take to get polio vaccines to rural Nigeria? These photos tell the story: @msnbcHow do we help 2.5 billion people escape poverty? Getting them banking services is a start:Ethiopian women have started naming their babies. @realjohngreen explains why thats a great sign of progress:Take 7 minutes and see how @realjohngreen makes farming both fascinating and funny:I love this courseand thanks to teacher feedback, it just got better. @BigHistoryProWhen you struggle to learn something, your brain actually grows. A researcher explains why you can learn anything:Phenomenal. Thanks to you, in 3 days we helped @DonorsChoose fund more than 9K teachers, reaching more than 900k students.Ending today... Projects @DonorsChoose are off. Help support a teacher:Overwhelmed by support, weve decided to increase donation matching @DonorsChoose by $500K. Support a teacher here:Help teachers get ready for #backtoschool. This weekend your @DonorsChoose donations will have twice the impact:Help a teacher today: Give to the teacher of your choice and well meet you halfwayRead what teachers think about some really promising tools @Graphite:Here are 6 tech tools that could make a teachers job easier:I got to demo some great technology for the classroom. These 6 tools look really promising:Good luck @lauriejlee in your new job as CEO for @careintuk. Thanks for your work @gatesfoundation..@melindagates shares lessons and lesson plans from teachers she met this summer:If you want to do the job well, you do not sit during the summer and other lessons from inspiring teachers:I was blown away by this teacher:Learning a thing or two from WA Teacher of the Year Katie Brown.Brrr! I dumped ice water on my head to raise awareness for ALS. Over to you, @ryanseacrest, @elonmusk, and @TEDchrisGood news for developing countries. Curing blindness is going mobile: (via @ozy)Great bathroom reading Researchers found a way to turn urine into energy: via @TheEconomistI couldnt agree more: What Todays Economic Gloomsayers Are MissingIt may be #SharkWeek, but this little fly is WAY more dangerous:Here's what I learned on my recent trip to Ethiopia with @realjohngreen:This is one of the best and smartest investments we can make in a childs future (and its not a vaccine):Depending on where you live, cooking, sex and pooping are either 3 of life's pleasures or what kills you via @nprnewsWhen people in extreme poverty get an animal, extraordinary things start to happen: via @HeiferWhen @MelindaGates and I saw the terrible impact of malnutrition, we knew we had to do more to help:Can you draw a circle? Stunted children may not be able to complete even that simple task:7 of the 10 countries with the highest prevalence of stunting are in Africa:Ethiopias economy is growing faster than Chinas. So why do we still think about famine when we think of Ethiopia?#Malnutrition in Africa is more about food quality than quantity:See how children in Tanzania compare to the height of the average 9-year-old:A lot of people think of Africa as a continent of starvation. The truth is a lot more complex:In Africa, starvation is declining. So why are 40% of kids there stuntednot developing fully b/c of malnutrition?The worlds greatest thermos, and other impressions from my trip to Ethiopia w/ @SueDHellmann:An introduction to the mind-bending world of quantum computing:Heres the first video @realjohngreen made from our trip to Ethiopia. He takes you inside an amazing newborn ward:Free summer reading: A chapter from the best business book of all time:There've been five extinction events in Earths history. Could human activity lead to a sixth?Heres a summer book suggestion: Elizabeth Kolberts sobering warning about the environment:This funny and profound book kept me up until 3 am:Were not there yet, but good research has produced the first dengue vaccine:These six fantastic books are on my summer reading list:#Nerdfighters, meet changemakers: @realjohngreen and I talk to students in Ethiopia.The #RosieProject is one of the most enjoyable novels Ive read in a long time:Income inequality is rising w/in many countries, but its been falling globally for two decades: via @UpshotNYTCan social change be driven by one inspirational leader? Not in Teddy Roosevelts case:Tim Geithner could hold his own in an explanatory-metaphor contest with masters like Warren Buffett and Michael LewisHow would we remember Teddy Roosevelt today if journalists hadn't rallied support for change?:Really enjoying my time (and learning a lot) in Ethiopia with #nerdfighter @realjohngreenIf youre looking for something to read this summer, Id recommend any of these books:The publisher of my favorite business book is giving away a chapter. Download it for free:Warren Buffett, Adam Gopnik, and others help me pay tribute to a great business writer:Why did the @Ford Edsel fail so miserably? Its a great case study:My favorite business book of all time doesnt contain a single listicle:My friend @WarrenBuffett lent me this book years ago. Heres why I still havent given it back:Twenty years later, this is still the best business book Ive ever read:I like the ingenuity mosquito-repellent newspaper helps fight dengue in Sri Lanka: via @ozyWho benefits the most from microcredit? via @TheEconomistHas Brazil's cash-transfer program helped reduce poverty? Interesting read:Great approach. A simple business plan is helping health services reach more of India's poor: via @qzHow to get mosquitoes to breed themselves to death, via @TheEconomist:There are now 9 countries in Africa where mobile money accounts outnumber bank accounts: via @qzHeres a bright idea: lets invest more in clean cheap energy:Whats wrong with thinking of foreign aid as charity? Plenty, says @CharlesJKenny:Yikes. One state in the U.S. uses as much electricity as Sub-Saharan Africa (minus S. Africa):Im still optimistic about a future with very few poor countries. I explain why in my first Office Mix:.@bjornlomborg argues that fossil fuels can fight poverty:We need innovationLOTS of itto make clean energy far cheaper and more accessible:This is one of the most vivid examples of life without electricity at home:I often talk about the miracle of vaccines. We need energy breakthroughs just as miraculous:For years, I took energy for granted. Thats before I started traveling to poor countries:.@melindagates and I had fun joining #NerdNation at Stanford last weekend. Here's a 90-sec snippet.Since 1989, 25M more kids reached their 5th birthday. Happy to join the #5thbday campaign:This mind-bending @Microsoft computer could help tackle problems we havent even imagined:Great trip to China to talk philanthropy and see new tech from @MSFTResearch.Just in time for #WorldCup, great graphic showing the range of economic growth in Brazil:Got to meet with Alibabas Jack Ma in Beijing to talk philanthropy great conversation.In Beijing visiting @Microsofts startup accelerator- 20 new tech cos with exciting ideas.It may not sound appetizing, but this fungus could help feed the hungry: via @PBSSome people may call you a nerd. I claim the label with pride: #Stanford14.@MelindaGates and I shared four pivotal stories with @Stanfords graduating class:My Diet Coke habit adds up to 35 pounds of aluminum a year. Heres why it matters:Can we bring billions of people out of poverty without destroying the environment? My favorite author explores:The most staggering statistic in @VaclavSmils new book:How would you give away $50K? It's these students' final project: via @dealbookThree cartoons from @ONECampaign that explain why farmers go hungry:This $2 bag helps fight hunger & malnutrition. And helps farmers earn more too: @TheAtlanticWhat can a map like this tell us about economics? Maybe more than you think: via @CityLabGlobal Poverty 101, a primer courtesy of @ONE:Ever wonder if mosquitoes pick on you? Well, they do. @HankGreen explains how they single you out:I love this developing story. Progress continues for the worlds poor: via @TheEconomistThe man who helped rid the Americas of polio has died. Saddened to hear about the death of Ciro de Quadros:Sea Kale anyone? Interesting approach to producing more food with less Saltwater farms:This gripping video shows how Guinea Worm decreased by 99.9% in 27 years: via @AJLifelinesThe double-whammy of doubt and delays keep many college students from graduating. I'm impressed by this approach:Simple, but smart. This solar-powered device shakes mosquito eggs off the waters surface:Povertys biggest challenge in 12 great data visualizations: via @ONECampaignIts really amazing what can be accomplished in 10 short years. Happy birthday, @ONECampaign:Foreigners are investing more in Africa than everand so are Africans:The best talk I saw at TED this yearit is fascinating and also deeply moving:This pink light could be important to the future of farming:Where we need to focus to put an end to preventable childhood deaths: via @WHOWhere we need to focus to put an end to preventable childhood deaths: via @WHOProgress in Africa but losses due to communicable diseases still too high: via @WHOHow countries are progressing on Millennium Development Goals from new @WHO health report:.@ninamunk's new book on @JeffDSachs is a valuableand at times heartbreakingcautionary tale:Child mortality dropped 48% from 1990-2013, says data from @TheLancet: via @IHME_UWWhere does your fruit come from? These journalists share the 3,200 mile journey: via @natgeoLife-saving innovations dont have to be high-tech. @MelindaGates explains in the @WSJ:Yes, yes, and yes: Fewer babies are dying around the world than ever before via @voxdotcomBeautiful letter about the moment a corporation had the audacity to make social need more important than profits.Would you believe migrants sent &gt; $120B home from the U.S. in 2012? A beautiful chart:This @TheEconomist piece is long but makes a compelling case for why the world badly needs new strains of rice:.@TheEconomist makes a compelling case for why we need a second green revolution, and explains what the first one wasThe % of people in extreme poverty has dropped by 1/2 since 1990. Where do the remaining poor live?The Berkshire annual meeting is one of the best parts of being on the board of directors. A report from last weekend:.@TeachForAmerica I had many fantastic teachers but my favorite was Mr. Morris:Can you cook soup with no electricity? This fireless cooker might help: via @TheAtlanticThis @frontlinepbs documentary is a must-watch Brave people share their stories of courage and loss:Thanks to everyone who spread the word about Mosquito Week. If youd like to help, I recommend @MalariaNoMore:Mosquitoes arent the only ones that spread malaria. Heres how humans carry the disease:My notes from Cambodia, a trip that left me quite hopeful that we can eradicate malaria:Meet one of the many scientists who are trying to outsmart mosquitoes:I feel like I have this duty of accomplishing what others have started.On a recent trip to Indonesia, I checked in on an amazing project to control the spread of Dengue:Why I agreed to let a cage of mosquitoes feed on my arm:I awoke to what felt like lightning going through my legs: What its like to have malaria:Hey @SharkWeek, sharks are cool, but theyre not even close to being the deadliest animal:Which animal kills over 700,000 people a year? Ill give you a hint: Its not sharks.Had fun shooting this video with @HansRosling. Watch him do a neat party trick with fruit juice:Did you know the worlds population is growing at half the rate it was 40 years ago?Watch this map chart 50 years of temperature extremes across the U.S.:Why did US death rates stop declining in the mid-90s? A fascinating view from @BloombergNews:I couldnt agree more: Vaccines are one of the cheapest ways to save lives. via @UNICEFWait, Sherlock Holmes was inspired by a global health hero? via @WIREDIn 81, just 20% of the world lived on $2-$10/day. Today its 40%. What life is like for the fragile middle class:How does U.S. funding for global health compare to other countries? via @IHME_UWCosta Rica and Iran have the same GDP/person but thats not the whole story: via @TheEconomistSome cool facts about your taxes that might ease the pain on April 15:I love this tool from @ONECampaign. Calculate how much YOU spend on foreign aid:Wealth isnt the only measure of human happiness. Here are a few others:It may be hard to imagine but conflict is actually on the decline: HT @sapinkerWhom should we model our energy consumption after? @VaclavSmils glad you asked:Great update on meat replacements @NYTimes. How do we produce enough food without harming the planet?Angus Deatons book has helpful insights into global poverty, but it takes a disastrous turn in the last chapter:Did you know its World Health Day? Heres one of my favorite books on aid, health, and poverty:On my trip to Europe this week, I heard some news that had me high-fiving a colleague:Here are 10 books @melindagates and I recommended for the #TED crowd:Melinda and I think a lot about philanthropy and our kids. A pleasure to talk about both with Chris Anderson @TED:In Paris with Youth Ambassadors - inspiring commitment to end poverty.Great interview between @ezraklein and @charlesjkenny on how the world is getting much, much better:We are live online!Eager to talk with @HansRosling about ending extreme poverty. Watch the live stream at 9:45 a.m. CEST:In about 1.5 hours @HansRosling and I will talk about ending poverty. Watch the live stream here:  #StoptheMyth@HansRosling - thrilled to be here in Sweden and looking FWD to seeing you in a bit!Why did I start this business? There is only one reason. Womens dignity The Poop GuyMore Indians have access to cell phones than to decent toilets. Heres what we can do about that:Heres why its cheaper to #endpolio than control it:Thousands of teachers are taking their students on a 13.8B year journey with #BigHistory - now any school can join:#TED asked me to share one chart there. Heres my pick:How can a country half its TB cases? #China had an ingenious approach:A $1 origami microscope? InterestingWhoah. Love these 8 maps from @ONEcampaign:Congrats Leslie Lamport of @MSFTResearch for winning the Turing Award. His work is making the world a safer place:Theres a lot of misinformation about the Common Core Standards. Heres a good explainer:Have you heard attacks on the Common Core? If solisten to what these teachers have to say:Thanks @GStephanopoulos for great chat last week about improving U.S. schools:It was hard to whittle down my favorite #TEDTalks, but I did. These 13 really inspire me:Fun chat with @RollingStone. Polio, climate change, nuclear energy, political gridlock, bioterrorism, and a lot more:How do you get vaccines to 170 million children? See how India figured it out for polio:Interesting. To improve nutrition, hand out vouchers instead of food, says @TheEconomistRead about my visit with the biggest hellraiser I know:Aspiring filmmakers: Heres a chance to make a short film about overcoming poverty for SundanceWe can save thousands of mothers' lives-with better data from @melindagates:Interesting look at the past and future of one of my favorite organizations, @DonorsChoose:Notes from my visit to Haiti with global health hero Paul Farmer:How cell phones turned health workers in Malawi into info hubs. @GHSPJournal:Dropped by MS Techfest. Hard to describe how cool the work is. Simply amazing.What does your countrys carbon footprint look like?We are fed a diet of negativity about ourselves these days, and we must not allow that to stand Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala.@hansrosling says the worlds PIN code is 1114. Heres why:I love hearing students ideas about how to change the world. Excited to meet finalists from this years @imaginecup:My fridge uses 9x more electricity than the average Ethiopian and other amazing energy statsThis is promising: How 3D printing might unlock talent in poor countries:I wish wed had these when I was in school: students giving their own #TEDTalks:A few unimaginably brave people took on the entire globe. @bhorowitz on why hes donating his book earnings:Nice @Forbes piece on a high-tech pedicab and 6 other innovations from Africa:Good article about scientists who are trying to save lives by building a better potato:I wouldnt have guessed that a map of population & income could be this beautiful: via @NatGeoIn 2009, #India accounted for 1/2 of the world's #polio cases. Here's how it became polio free, via @UNICEFIndia3 myths about education, the Common Core, and why theyre wrong:.@TheEconomist article of the week: How the Buffalo Bicycle symbolizes #Africa's potential:I had fun doing an #AMA on @reddit this week. Heres a wrap up of some of the best questions:Thanks to my friend Larry Ellison for giving 100 million more reasons we can eradicate polio:LOTS of great info on climate change and food on this site from @CGIAR:Thanks for hanging out with me today, @reddit:.@reddit, I definitely would grab a $100 bill if I saw it on the street. I addressed that myth before my #AMA at 10:Hi @reddit, Ill be answering your questions starting at 10am PST:Great work by Jimmy Carter and the @CarterCenter. Because of their efforts, an awful disease may soon be history:Great @charlesjkenny piece on corruption in aid. And Im not just saying that because of the headlineBehind the scenes with @JimmyFallon, and more from the Annual Letter launch:Thank you, @CVS_Extra. You've made a bold move and set a great example:This quick slideshow makes a persuasive case for the benefits of giving women the tools to plan their families:.@realjohngreen boils down this years Annual Letter in less than 4 minutes. His Portuguese is better than mine...I'm excited to welcome Satya Nadella as the new CEO @Microsoft. A great leader for a great company:Good luck to my hometown @Seahawks! #SB48What does it cost to save the life of a child? The answer may surprise you:Want to see something remarkable? Look how low child mortality rates could drop by 2035:My favorite stat: 20% of children born in 1960 died before their 5th birthday, but today that number is down to 6%:If the U.S. budget were a dollar, less than a penny would be spent on foreign aid:Myth: Foreign aid is a big waste:.@melindagates helps #stopthemyth: Saving lives wont lead to overpopulation. Watch:The population is growing fastest where the most children are dying. @HansRosling explains:Myth: Saving lives leads to overpopulation:I got this one wrong the first time. True or False: Saving lives will lead to overpopulation? Heres the answer:Stopped by @SKAVLANTVShow to talk about Got a 79-second chess lesson from @MagnusCarlsen:What happened to the % of people living in extreme poverty between 1990 and 2010? You might be surprised:In 1963, the world was constituted by two humps, the rich and the poor. But now this camel only has one hump:Myth: Poor countries are doomed to stay poor:The term developing country has outlived its usefulness. Here's why:Doubts about where the world will be in 25 years? Look at how far we've already come in the past 25:What happened to the % of people living in extreme poverty between 1990 and 2010? The answer is in my Annual Letter:In our Annual Letter @melindagates and I debunk 3 myths that block progress for the poor:.@JimmyFallon and I made a viral video #GatesLetterDotCom. Check it out then read my letter:The world is better than it's ever been, but I'm struck by how few people know this. Read why:Ill be hanging out with @LateNightJimmy and @theroots tonight. It should be fun!Great talking with @CBSThisMorning, @Morning_Joe, and @BloombergTV about "three myths":.@NickKristof thank you! @MelindaGates and I are happy to have a chance to raise attention on these issues and see the positive response.@melindagates and I released our Annual Letter. Read how life is improving around the world:I'm curious. What % of the U.S. budget do you think goes to foreign aid? Favorite if you think it's more than 2%. RT if you think its less.Melinda and I just finished writing our Annual Letter. Its out 1/21. Sign up here:Its taken many people to keep India polio-free for 3 yrs. I met with a few of them in Bihar:#India has been polio free for 3 years. A good reminder that global eradication is within reach:Saw Of Gods and Men recently with @melindagates. Its amazing.In 2014, great ideas will come from unexpected places: via @TheEconomistI think many people will be surprised by this video. Population trends are a lot better than you think:Research into urine power inspires bad puns, but the technology could be transformational:Fewer children are dying and fewer people are living in extreme poverty. Good news from 2013:An interesting take on which African country is doing the most to boost its energy supply:I love these 9 pictures that tell the history of #polio:Heres what Im looking forward to seeing in 2014:You know about this year's #polio outbreaks, but did you know just how rapid and effective the response has been?5 good-news stories you might have missed in 2013:I helped curate the @Ozy daily brief. Its filled with good news stories you might have missed this year:Great #malaria progress but we can't let funding flatline if we want to finish the job:In 2003, people thought @JPAL_Globals trials were wacky, but today they are transforming development economics:How can we elevate scientists who refuse the lure of extremism & absolutism? Great comments so far:Had fun introducing next @gatesfoundation CEO Sue Desmond-Hellmann to staff. Welcome, Sue. Were all excited to work with you.7 books that the hard-to-please reader on your Xmas list might enjoy:Investing in health is good for people AND the economy:Its a shame that extreme views get so much attention. @paulesabins 'The Bet' provides much-needed perspective:The 7 best books I read this year: #greatreadsIm blown away by these numbers for #GivingTuesday:Here are 100 life-changing gifts for you to consider: @WorldVisionI was 13 when I learned to write computer code. See how much easier it is to learn today:Remembering Nelson Mandela, his leadership in the fight against AIDS, and the story behind one of my favorite photosEvery time Melinda and I met Nelson Mandela, we left more inspired than ever. His grace and courage changed the world. This is a sad day.People often ask us how they can help. @melindagates and I encourage you to consider @SavetheChildren:I hope youll consider giving chicks, honeybees, a goat, a camel, or a @Heifer:There are all sorts of ways to give back. Get inspired by one of these @DonorsChoose projects:Why is #giving important to you? Share your story on @reddit:If youre at a loss for Christmas gift ideas, you could give to someone who really needs it. #GivingTuesday:More treatment = fewer #HIV infections. What great progress: via @ONECampaignMT @GlobalFund POTUS pledges to match every $2 from other countries w/ $1 from US to help defeat #AIDS up to $5B in next 3 yrs!Ive shared a lot of infographics, but Ive never been in one. Until now: #WorldAIDSDayZoran Popovic is getting students excited about education by turning math into a game:8 out of 10 people say they want to give to a charity. #GivingTuesday makes it easy:Big Data is helping find new uses for old drugs, like an antidepressant that might fight some lung tumors:What I want for Christmas this year (its not cookies):Sometimes you have to leave home to truly see it. Lovely essay by astronaut @Cmdr_Hadfield:Ive talked before about my favorite author Vaclav Smil. He doesnt pull any punches in this @WIRED interview:.@NewDealDesign designed a lab on a stick that would help small farmers take the guesswork out of planting:This Bluetooth-enabled amulet from @fuseproject would monitor health in remote locations:1.2B people live off the power grid. This prototype from @artefactgroup could make a big difference for them:First on my wish list: An all-in-one kit to reduce newborn deaths in the developing world. @frogdesigns concept:Next month teams will compete to program Atlas, a humanitarian robot designed to save lives in disasters:An amazing story about health workers courageously fighting polio in Afghanistan:A model for delivering education to the worlds poorest children is taking shape in Kenya:My new post on @LinkedIn - The private schools that could reshape education in Africa:Needle-free immunizations? Theyd be a huge breakthrough. A peek at the future of vaccinations:Smart design can solve real health issues, like a condom that gives women control over their own protection:Check out the Waste Zapper, a solar-powered #toilet that recycles and sterilizes waste water:Toilets save lives. Thats a fact worth celebrating: #WorldToiletDayWhat if we could prevent malaria by protecting mosquitoes instead of people? Its an intriguing idea:What is most likely to cause your untimely death?I had to memorize the #GettysburgAddress in 3rd grade. I recently refreshed my memory for the new @KenBurns doc:.@CharlieRose is always a thoughtful interviewer. Our latest chat on @60Minutes tonight:Great #Seattle attractions featured in this month's @WIRED. I weighed in with my favorite spots to grab a burger:.@JPAL_Global is taking a scientific approach to understanding poverty. Their findings are fascinating:I was excited to get a #Bambi award in Germany. Im more excited by what Germany does to save lives around the world:.@erna_solberg Agreed. Great news on you co-chairing #MDGs Advocacy Group. Your leadership is key to speeding up progress on development.What are the best ways to improve health around the world? @melindagates and @PIHs Dr. Paul Farmer have ideas:These maps do more than point you to the nearest burger joint. They guide decisions that save lives:Four nonprofits that @MelindaGates and I think deserve your support this #GivingTuesday:Sorry @StephenAtHome. You're not the center of the Universe! @davidgchristian explains the meaning of life to ColbertI guest-edited the latest issue of @WIRED. What does a guest editor do, exactly? I explain on my blog:.@BillClinton and I talked about the NSA, China & other topics in the latest issue of @WIRED:2 out of every 5 people on Earth today owe their lives to fertilizer. Yes, fertilizer:American exceptionalism isnt dead, but it does need to be reimagined. Watch my conversation with @BillClinton:I guest-edited this months @WIRED. Its all about innovation for the poorest 2 billion:How much of the US budget would you guess goes to #ForeignAid? The actual number might surprise you:How much aid does your country give or receive? This is a great at-a-glance view:Schrdinger Inc.s engineers and scientists are doing impressive work. Fight disease with code..@HansRosling will change the way you think about the poor. Check out his upcoming talk on the @BBC:Im not the only one who thinks students should learn to code. So does @chrisbosh of the @MiamiHEAT:I love how this course breaks down the history of the universe and explains how everything ties together:The #BigHistory series debuts tonight. It tells the universe's fascinating story. I hope you'll watch it:I dont watch a lot of TV but Ill be watching the new #BigHistory series. It starts tomorrow night:I hope everyone takes the @BigHistoryPro course. It's phenomenal and free to everyone: #BigHistoryMeet the scientist whos fighting malaria by sharing open data:Heres a timeline of the fight against polio. Look at how much has happened since 1988:My friend Ray Dalio gives a simple (but not simplistic) explanation for how credit works:Interested in #science and how it can shape our world? I highly recommend these 13 #books:A new documentary on how polio was conquered in the U.S. and why we have to #endpolio everywhere via @SmithsonianChan9 stats you should know about #polio, from the clever team @Ozy:Leo Messi wants a final victory against polio.#Africa will need much more energy by 2030. Its hard to estimate precisely, but the gap is massive:Three charts from @BBChealth that tell one of the great success stories in global health:I disagree with first of the headline here, but I like @charlesjkennys thinking about effective aid:.@ConanOBrien, you mean there isn't already a website for gym rats exchanging body oil recipes? Thanks for the idea!What are the prospects of ending extreme poverty? This interactive chart shows how far we've come since 1990:The idea that aid is wasted is just wrong. I recently spoke with the Sun newspaper about the impact of the UK's aid:The devastating effects of #polio make it hard to live a normal life. A surgeon in #India is working to change this:Hunger around the world is down 1/3 since 1990. Where is hunger still a problem? Here's a map:I got to wear a new hat today: magazine editor. Met w/ the @WIRED team re December issue.You may have heard recently about @BeyondMeat and @hcfoods, two companies that are shaping the future of food:What was Thomas Edisons greatest contribution? You might say light bulb or movie camera. I think its something elseHow #China, @PATHtweets and others lowered the cost of one vaccine by 1000x:There are only 10 ATMs for every 100K adults in #Kenya. A telling graphic from @TheEconomist:Energy storage solutions will help revolutionize the energy business. But are we investing enough? via @nytimesLast year we issued a call to reinvent the toilet. Now were issuing one specifically for #India:This is a cool new visualization of shipping routes. I read a great book about this recently:The battle against #AIDS is not over. But number of people dying continues to decline. How was this achieved? Read:What will happen to Earths temperature in your lifetime? This guide from the @guardian explains: #climatechangeLots of interest in my comments last week about Ctrl+Alt+Del. Watch the rest of my chat:"The world of extreme poverty and disease may now finally be on its way out." Great column by @NickKristof:At a glance: the best #MDG performers in sub-Saharan Africa.I love this chart. It says we can stop 49 million deaths in 15 years. #MDGsOn our last day at the U.N., @melindagates and I did a bit of stumping. Heres why:My wish list for the next round of #MDGs. Its just four thingsWaiting to address UN special event on #MDGs. Nice camera work, @melindagates.Heres my wrap-up of day 2 in NYC. Got to see leaders from #Chad, #Pakistan, and much more:Dont feel bad if you cant name all 8 #MDGs. Just consult this primer:Just posted a wrap-up of the first day of U.N. Week. What a way to start the weekGreat stat from meeting President Goodluck Jonathan: Polio in #Nigeria is down 50% from last year. More on our talkA @billclinton selfie from #CGI2013 as we sat down to talk for an upcoming @WIRED story.The UK just pledged another 1 billion to fighting AIDS, TB, and malaria. What a great example for other donors.We wont hit all #MDGs by 2015 but millions of children's lives have been saved. I dare anyone to call that failure:Everyone should know about the #MDGs, 8 goals that have revolutionized the fight against poverty. A good primer:At first I had reservations, but I came to love the Millennium Development Goals. Heres why: #MDGsNews gets better on meningits. 94% drop in all forms of the disease due to vaccination:In 5 years, the number of #Kenyans living with #AIDS has dropped by 200K. Here's why:Its really hard to track the spread of drug-resistant #malaria. A new fast test may help:Lets celebrate this new world record in the most important category there is. @melindagatesWhen you see the term global health, think saving lives. Thats what it means. | @nytimes:Progress towards the MDGs has been impressive. Are we ready to take the next step? @JeffDSachs weighs in:850 days left, and still much work left to reach the MDGs How do we speed up progress for the worlds poorest?One of the best investments we can make? Toilets. Here are 260 billion reasons why:The UN wants to know: What are your top priorities for making a #BetterWorld? You can vote here:Thanks @jeffraikes for your leadership @gatesfoundation. You've been a great partner.How can #Africa provide nutritious, affordable food to its growing population? @AGRAAlliance report sheds light:How will Vietnam address its growing demand for energy? Interesting article from @TheEconomist:Tonight is the premiere of TEACH, a great new documentary about teachers. A few thoughts about why it's so good:A new documentary on CBS tonight shows you just how hard teachers work and the challenges theyre up against.Infectious diseases know no borders. Why Nordic countries are pledging $750M to fight #AIDS, #TB and #malaria:Melinda and I had amazing teachers who inspired us. Thats why we supported TEACH, a documentary on CBS tomorrow:4 teachers, 1 school year. See what they go through to reach their students:Informed @Revkin post on Golden Rice, a GMO that could save poor kids from blindness. Need more coverage like this:Technology can help the poorest 2B immenselyonly if bright young people keep entering the field. New LinkedIn post:Every child has a dream, and deserves the chance to see it come true. MLK's challenge remains - still much work to doNew @LinkedIn post: How to get our brightest people focused on our biggest problems:Teachers can create boards to collect their favorite tools and share them with the @Graphite community #EdTechChatInnovative @KitePatch blocks a mosquitos ability to sense humans. Interesting approach in fight against #malaria:The amazing story of @AdeAdepitan, who went back to Nigeria to find out why he got polio there: (via @Channel4)One vaccine. Five diseases. 7 million lives saved by 2020. Thanks, @GAVIAlliance.Why is @mcgregor_ewan on a cold chain distributing #polio #vaccines to remote places with @UNICEF? Watch:Heres a great example of how teachers reviews make @Graphite so powerful:.@Graphite is like Consumer Reports for educators. Join the thousands of #teachers who have already started sharing:Why did early empires rise and fall, and what can they teach us about modern times? This #BigHistory video explains:MT @BigHistoryPro Join the Big History community where #teachers can share lesson plans, activities, and adviceBig History is my favorite course ever. Today were launching a free version for teachers:The @GatesFoundation will match 2-to-1 every dollar @Rotary commits to fight #polio CEO @JeffRaikesA big issue in healthcare is reminding people to take their medicine. Heres an innovative solution to the challenge:Innovations in health and development have helped make this a #BetterWorld. @gatesfoundations Chris Elias explains:One book I recently reviewed, The Box, inspired a @BBC project that tracked a shipping container all over the worldThe Box is about shipping containers. Sounds boring but is actually a fascinating look at global trade. My review:What does one of my favorite authors think is the most important invention in the past 100 years?"They were forced to pad their knees with pieces of tire just to crawl on the ground" @RAMESHFERRIS on fighting polioGreat news: 38% drop in #AIDS deaths in East & Southern Africa since 05:#EdTech can make personalized learning widespread. We are excited to support these great ideas to improve literacy:"We believe the world changes when the boldest thinking is directed at the toughest problems." -@MelindaGatesThere are simple solutions that would save millions of newborns. So why don't more people use them? @Atul_GawandeYIL (Yesterday I learned) that when you post a book review on @Reddit, you shouldn't use the TIL subreddit:Can GMOs help save Floridas oranges? This fascinating @nytimes piece is stirring up lots of healthy debate:.@VaclavSmil wrote his latest book to show what kind of bite we have taken out of the #biosphere. My review:Humans consume 17% of all life on Earth every year my thoughts on this startling stat:Did you know that there are now more humans (by mass) than all other land mammals combined?#TLDR version of my latest book review: Q: how much of this do we use up every year? A: 17%How much of the Earth are humans consuming? Its a huge question. My favorite author tried to answer it:His books are complex, but @VaclavSmil is one of my favorite writers. I learn more from him than almost anyone else:Watch this video Welcome to the Anthropocene and read a book review from me on the same subject tomorrow:As part of @gatesfoundations sanitation work, we funded a new toilet that turns waste into clean water:Will the 21st century witness the rise of #Africa? These interactive charts from @washingtonpost seem to say yes:Cool interactive charts from @washingtonpost let you explore the worlds demographic future:When we invest in women and girls, we are investing in the people who invest in everybody else -@MelindaGatesCan hunter-gatherers in New Guinea teach us about staying healthy? A discussion with author Jared Diamond:"Why do we use tech designed for London & L.A. when we live in Nairobi & New Delhi?" @afromusing has an alternative:#TED fellow @afromusing asks What if the solutions to the worlds problems came from places like #Africa? Watch:What do hunter-gatherers in New Guinea have to do with globalization? It's in my review of Jared Diamond's new book:Watching the newly discovered video of FDR in a wheelchair is another reminder of how important it is to #endpolio:Watch the @MSFTresearch #FacSumm starting in 15 minutes. Q&A (including online Qs) after my keynote: #AskBillGToday Ill be discussing the future of big data, ubiquitous computing & more @MSFTResearch #FacSumm. Live stream atTalking with Sal and the team at Khan Academy. We will be posting video soon. A great visit w an incredible team!Here are a few of the books Ill be reading this summer. Whats on your list?Im reading Jared Diamonds latest book this week. I hope youll join me and share your thoughts. Details:This slideshow is a stark reminder of the devastating effects of #TB and why we cant allow it to make a comeback:Child #HIV rates have reduced by 50% in #Botswana #Ethiopia #Ghana #Malawi #Namibia #SouthAfrica #Zambia. Read whyHow do we encourage tech companies to invest in big problems when markets fail? via @ForeignPolicyIf I had to pick one thing to make cheaper and reduce poverty, it would be energy. Great to see this news:How we can harness Silicon Valley's talents to help the poor: I don't agree with all of it, but a thoughtful piece.Can we encourage the market to create new tech that the poor cant create on their own? @charlesjkenny says yes:A look inside the impressive research center that I toured, and other notes from my recent trip to India. Watch:Great to see #toilets & bug spray on @TheWeek list of 5 things that save your life every day without your knowing it:New cooler will ensure that #vaccineswork by keeping them cold for 35 days.Watch part 2 of my #toilet conversation on Indias @NDTV with @aamir_khan & Prannoy Roy:Teachers deserve tech that helps them do their best. @Graphite helps them get it. Learn & joinLooking for summer reading ideas for the kids? The @GatesFoundation has some great suggestions on its blog:@sdadich: Thanks for the opportunity. I'm a fan of @Wired and look forward to working with the team.Attn #Teachers: You deserve the best tech available. Weve launched a free tool to help you find it. Join @GraphiteI believe we need innovative ways to fund new ideas. @sifpnet is like American Idol for social impact. Apply by 7-1:.@Graphite is helping #teachers bring the best #edtech to their students. Learn more: & join:#Teachers and #edtech can do great things together; follow @graphite to learn more about this new app reviewing community. #ISTE13How much has the world's population changed since 1950? Great visualization @TheEconomist:Did you know life spans rose faster in the 20th C than ever before? Good news:Part 1 of my #toilet convo with @aamir_khan & Prannoy Roy on @NDTV: Tweet questions #AskBillG"@GlobalFundnews is certainly a big investment, but it is one that will pay back many times over - @MelindaGatesMT @NickKristof What disease has killed 1 billion people in last 200 yrs? Surprising answer:My colleague @rvenks book #ConqueringTheChaos is worth a read for any companies looking to do business in India:Retweet this: WHY? The Global Fund gets $1 to fight #AIDS every time it gets shared.Ive shared a video from our family vacation to @thepanamacanal:My dad is 87 and still going strong. A few thoughts on what hes taught me:My dad is the man I aspire to be. Heres why:3 lessons I have learned from @WarrenBuffett about life, business & philanthropy:Excited to join the 200M+ strong @LinkedIn community. My first post: 3 lessons I have learned from @WarrenBuffett:An Afghan father explains the promise of #vaccines: All I want is for our children to be healthy & happy Watch:Encouraging news! @GatesFoundation-supported #MenAfriVac has reduced #meningitis rates in #Africa to 10 year low:Thanks to everyone who came out in London today to help put an end to global hunger. You've inspired us all! #BigIfChatting on @bbcradio4 #SaturdayLive about feeding the world's poorest... tune in!If you're in London, join me in Hyde Park at 2pm BST for the #IFCampaign rally to stamp out malnutrition. Tickets:On June 8th at #BigIF in London, Ill be there to urge the #G82013 to end the tragedy of hunger. Join me:Live in 10min for the #IFcampaign chat w young people using their voices to save lives.@Coollike, a young supporter of @EnoughFoodIf made this video about his #Tanzania trip to see how we can end hunger:Sat down w/ my friend Bono to discuss the good news about the global poverty rate. WATCH:To compete, U.S. needs to get all schools online. Glad to hear about today's @WhiteHouse announcement re #ConnectEDTomorrow I will be @YouTube live chatting w/ @EnoughFoodIF at 6PM GMT. We will be rallying in Hyde Park on Sat:Join me & Frank Kapeta from #Tanzania as we live chat about ending hunger tomorrow at 6PM GMTPoor countries that invest in farmers are reaping the benefits. Details from @onecampaign:At the UN preparing to discuss improving lives of the worlds poorest at Forbes Philanthropy Summit...Day 2 from India: Why Ill never look at a bowl of dal the same way again:The #MDGs of halving global poverty by 2015 was achieved 5 years early. Can we get to near zero by 2030? I say yes:Before & after pics of a childs brain show that treatment can save kids from malnourishment.@nytimes highlights Patty Stoneseifers (1st CEO @gatesfoundation) next chapter fighting poverty @marthastableorg:Ending childhood hunger is the right thing to do, and its smart economics too. Powerful stats in this new report:This story about the development of the #rotavirus vaccine in India shows science at its best: via @livemintTalking toilets with @aamir_khan & @NDTV, and other impressions from my day in India:Why is India so well positioned to fight poverty and disease? Two things:If women everywhere had the power to determine their futures, the world would be forever transformed @MelindaGatesI had a great time on Australia's @QandA. Watch the Video: #qandaNo child should suffer from severe malnutrition. Read @RogerThurow story of one childs plight: via @TelegraphAnswered a few Twitter questions: (Cc: @Jack @barronstechblog @fesja @realshawnisaac @danpierson @JohnValentine2)This isnt just a pretty picture; its a #GrandChallenges grant & could help fight #malariaNew @LSHTM_malaria research shows that #malaria parasite actually helps mosquitos find humansIve been learning a lot about toilets. Why? I recently explained @NASciences:Learn why @guardian describes my friend @HansRosling as the Jedi master of data visualizationSwiss researchers found a clever new way to fight #tuberculosis:#XboxOne is phenomenal. @Xbox team is making a great product even better:I was moved by this photo essay featuring a few of the heroes who helped #endpolio in India:Powerful new video from @UNICEF featuring @LennyKravitz asking for your help to immunize all children & #endpolio:.@MelindaGates & I talked @NASciences about why we support science. One reason? scuba riceI was curious: How many teachers get useful coaching? The answer blew my mind. My new TED talk#Infographic showing wildly different measures of Africas economic development. Read more:U.S. students rank 17th in reading & worse in STEM. How can we catch up? My latest TED talk:My latest TED talk, on one thing that would make us a more successful, more fair and more just country. WATCH:Organizing the 1st Global Vaccine Summit to #endpolio was a risk. We didnt know how it would turn out. See why:MT @GatesFoundation Great news re promising results in the search for a new rotavirus vaccine:Today is @TheSeattleFdns #GiveBig day. Stretch your donations while giving to your favorite #Seattle nonprofits:In #AbuDhabi we secured $4B to #endpolio. My thoughts on this huge milestone on the road to vaccinating every child:Great piece by @DavidOshinsky on the fight to #endpolio. Were almost there & the U.S. gov can help finish the job:When Melinda & I learned how little useful feedback most teachers get, we were blown away. How to change that? WATCH"Technology doesn't determine the quality of the connection. Only you can do that" Watch @melindagates @DukeU speechThanks to @CharlieRose @60Minutes for shining light on progress in global health. Cant think of more important workI always enjoy going on @npratc. Robert Siegel asks great questions. Why we must #endpolio:I have a bridge coach, but most #teachers get almost no coaching at all. We need to change that. #TEDTalksEdIs Liberia the 2nd or 22nd poorest country in Africa? The answer is actually quite complicated. A new book explains:Enjoyed talking about Americas future with @billclinton at #fiscalsummit. Video archive here:One thing were doing that isnt fair to teachers and students and threatens US leadership:  #TEDTalksEdI am inspired to see new names pledging to make lasting investments in philanthropy #GivingPledgeThe most important thing that #teachers want but dont get: #TEDTalksEdHappy to join #TEDTalksEdu hosted by @JohnLegend. Lots of great speakers and ideas about US schools. Airs tonight:Talking about long term budget solutions with @billclinton in DC today. #fiscalsummitThank you to all the #teachers making a difference for students. Your dedication & hard work are inspiring. #NationalTeacherDayJoin me and @billclinton for a discussion on Americas future. Livestream starts now at #fiscalsummitHow to improve our schools? Was happy to join #TEDTalksEd on future of education. Airs May 7Once again, @WarrenBuffett and I competed to see who could throw a newspaper the farthest. Im getting better.Looking forward to #FiscalSummit panel discussion on Americas future w/ @billclinton (May 7, 9:40 EDT). Tweet questions to #askbillg.Were working with Islamic Development Bank to #endpolio in Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan and eradicate it forever #KSA #Gulf.Proud to be working with @KBZFoundation to improve childrens nutrition #UAE.#Gulf leadership is critical to the final push to #endpolio. I am grateful for their support..@Alwaleed_Talal Thank you for your support to #endpolio. Together w/ @AlwaleedFoundns we can win the fight against this terrible disease.Yesterday I had a great discussion on Africas future w/ @PaulKagame & @tonyblairoffice @MilkenInstitute: #2013GCWelcome to Twitter @WarrenBuffett. First ever Twitter bridge tourney starts now. I bid 3 Hearts.Greatest injustice of #ClimateChange? Those least responsible for the problem will be most affected: @UN @GuardianCan you imagine being the only family planning counselor at a busy hospital in India? Read Chandra Bishts story:How can science benefit the poor? Here's the case @melindagates and I made to top US scientists on Sunday:.@MishalHusainBBC Thank you for a great discussion about the world coming together to #endpolioHow can polio eradication go from impossible to inevitable in 30 yrs? Global partnership to #endpolio. $4B pledged to vaccinate &gt;1B kids.Join me for a panel discussion w/ #polio experts from around the world. How will we #endpolio? Find out in 30 mins:Welcome to @twitter @billclinton. Always happy to see another champion for #aid in the 'sphere!Recently I saw firsthand how the @GrameenFdns project using mobile phones in Ghana is improving #maternalhealth:Imagine if @DesmondTutuPF had succumbed to #polio? Read his personal story & RT to support the plan to #endpolio@jensstoltenberg thank you and the citizens of Norway for this incredible commitment which saves many lives.Amazing day in Abu Dhabi w/global leaders who are committed to saving lives. View my talk at 7:30 GST- #endpolioIn Mozambique @VillageReach is making sure #vaccineswork by improving logistics w/ mobile tech. Learn more and RT:How do you get the immunization rate in Mozambique from 69% to 95%? Just ask @VillageReach: #vaccineswork400 scientists from 80 countries believe #polio eradication is not just an aspiration:.@HHShkMohd Thank you for your very kind words. I am looking forward to working with you this week to #endpolio. #vaccinesworkIt's hard to appreciate the impact of vaccines. How do you visualize the idea that 20 million lives will be saved?.@KofiAnnan: the benefits of tackling #polio - and the risks of failing. Why we must finish the fight: #vaccinesworkI'm headed to Abu Dhabi to meet with global health leaders who, by working together, will #endpolioGreat insight from a hero on the front lines of Indias fight against Polio. Video: Q&A:South Korean aid generosity saves lives. At Nat'l Assembly today - even @psy_oppa is helping w Polio eradication.A great talk w/students at Seoul National University today - they are an inspiring group. Thank you for hosting us!Business plays huge role in fighting disease. UK car maker built iron lungs for #polio epidemic: via @gizmodoukThanks @Wired for 20 yrs of great insights. Anniversary issue has a great oral history of how it all got started:Pentavalent vaccine protects a child from 5 dealdy diseases New partnership will save 7M livesAnother reason I am confident we can #endpolio: Even remote villages are now within our grasp. Read: via @naturenewsIndia wiped out polio. Whats next? Two good ideas in @WSJIndia: #endpolioHow do you build a vaccine program for a country of 25M people? Insights from the hero in charge of Ghanas system.Ghana raised immunization coverage thanks to heroes like Hanna who vaccinated 10K kids last year. VIDEO:Great idea: @SJSU offering battery university for this fast growing & critical industry: @nytimeswheelsWhy foster an ecosystem of new learning models? Good explanation @Forbes: #edtechPres. Carter, your @CarterCenter work fighting guinea worm is a true #globalhealth success story: @TheDailyShowMy essay for The Cairo Review on why "almost" eradicating polio isnt good enough.Wonderful opportunity @BoaoForum to speak with delegates and learn from them as well. Read about my trip:Great @Mashable article: You don't go into technology without caring about changing the world. - @melindagatesTantalizing research identified anti-bodies capable of neutralizing #HIV. Could lead to a vaccine: @TIMEHealthlandSouth Africa is on the forefront of research for customized #HIV treatments. Why is their approach working so well?Innovation doesn't require new inventions @colalife partnering w/ @CocaCola to use supply chain to deliver medicineWhat does it take to get protein on your plate?Tasty recipe for chicken-free strips w/ vegetable salad from our friends @moderncuisine:Global support to fully fund the plan will be key to #endpolio by 2018. Great overview @nprnews:Revealing article @TheEconomist. GDP isn't the best predictor of welfare. Great read:Talking about great teaching at #TED Talks Education rehearsal in Brooklyn this AM. Airing on PBS in May..@George_Osborne: Thank You for your support on UK foreign aid. The impact on lives saved will be tremendous.I'm for accountability, but I understand #teachers' concerns when it comes to evaluations. My @washingtonpost op-ed:New #crowdsourcing platform @GOODmkr lets organizations harness the public's creativity to catalyze social action:How are disruptive ideas making a better world? Watch @TEDxChange in 20 minutes:Watch @melindagates host @TEDxChange. Positive disruption is something we can all get excited about:Tony Hey from @MSFTResearch recaps the Global Grand Challenges Summit w/ @RAEngNews @NAE_DC:1 yr increase in life expectancy can increase GDP by 4%. Agree w/ @GAVISeth: Global health must a part of the MDGs:Innovative & clever new project from @Reddit & @DonorsChoose: Explain It Like Im Five. One topic: #existentialismIncredible work on nutrition and education in Ghana, thanks to @DubaiCares & @HHShkMohd. Read more:It was an honor to meet Ghanas President @JDMahama. He is tackling important issues with enthusiasm & determination:PHOTOS: My trip to Ghana where I saw what is working & what can be shared with other countriesGhana has made great progress on issues like infant mortality, telecommunications & economic growth. #Infographic:What makes Ghanas immunization approach work so well? Rigorous data gathering, accountability & community outreach:.@michaelpollan answered a few of my questions on #FutureOfFood. He argues new meat alternatives are better than everIn Ghana to learn more about the amazing progress this country has made:Lots of reasons to rethink how eggs fit into the #FutureOfFood. @hcfoods has created a lower cholesterol alternative:Salt is essential to survival, but too much sodium endangers health. Innovations for alternatives: #FutureOfFoodEverybody deserves the ability to eat protein but meat production will stress our food system. Could innovation help?Dont believe the #FutureOfFood tastes like chicken? Mark @bittman does & has more reasons why you should try itI love burgers but @ModernCuisine has a recipe for chicken Tikka Masala that is really good:Innovative companies like @BeyondMeat are taking on the challenge of creating the #FutureOfFood. See more VIDEO:Feeding 9B people w/ protein (usually meat) by 2050 poses problems for our environment. What can we do?Historic achievement as UK commits .7% GNI to aid. The impact on lives saved will be tremendous. Learn more:Hilarious short video from @savethechildrenuk asking "What has aid ever done for anyone?" #aidworks #ifWhy do I care about the UK Budget this week? Because UK aid saves lives. Find out more in my @MailOnline op-ed:Watch this inspirational #TED talk: If you are a "factivist" like #Bono, its hard not be an optimist, like me.How does anything go viral? @MSTFResearch is getting closer to figuring it out. Impressive new video: cc: @timoreillyImportant article from @NYTimes about the need for energy miracles. We must drive investment & innovation:.@MarketplaceAPM teamed up with @chronicle to find out what employers really want from college grads:Still a long way to go, but @tomfriedman is right about #MOOCs. Stuff learned more important than Time served:Couldn't agree more with these UK CEOs, aid IS a smart investment:Cool visualizations show how digital & physical worlds are coming together. From @Microsoft.@MelindaGates: Disruption can be a positiveeven vitalcatalyst for change. Join the TEDx on 4/3/13:Often lost in the debate about GMOs is the need for poor farmers to have choices in the face of hard conditions.@jaredmysko - we had to leave before the match was over, but the blue team was up by a point.Answering students questions @UTAustin starting in 45 minutes. Should be fun!A robot soccer match at UT Austin - very exciting!I'm @UTAustin to meet with students and learn about #edtech innovations. Watch my Q&A at 1pm PST:Teachers: @SkypeClassroom is giving you free Group Video Calling to celebrate World Read Aloud Day.  #WRADWhy Nations Fail tries to explain why some nations succeed & others dont. I'm not sure the book succeeds. Why?Why keep fighting Polio? Success has benefits for so many across the global health spectrum. Read why in my Op-Ed:Still work to do, but I'm incredibly optimistic when it comes to Africa. Great progress as seen in @TheEconomist:I couldnt be more excited to have @MikeBloomberg on board to help #EndPolio.Ground breaking innovation makes the world a better place, witnessed on my visit to Dean Kamens lab. PHOTOS:Bono asks us all to become "factivists" at TED. I'm in! #ted2013.@codeorg gets my passion for computer programming education. A cool video:  #CODE#Polio is 99% eradicated. Join me & @FCBarcelona as we work to finish the job and #EndPolio. VIDEO:This might not be as crazy as it sounds...Belgium plans artificial floating island to store energy: via @techreviewLearned more about maize and wheat thanks to Carlos Slim and CIMMYT. Great things happening in MX with #agdev.Today it's hard to imagine the steam engine was once The Most Powerful Idea in the World. Book review #BillsLetterPersonalized learning could dramatically improve #literacy. Have an #edtech idea which might work? A Challenge:Really enjoyed my @reddit #AMA. Great questions from Redditors. My answers:What am I doing? Conservation agriculture a key to productive farming. Learn More:Im headed to Mexico to spend some time with Carlos Slim and the @CIMMYT team. Why? #AgDevThanks for a great #AMA, @reddit!Before my first #AMA at 10:45am PST, I answered some popular @reddit questions:Excited to start my first #AMA at 10:45am PST: Ask me a question @Reddit Thread Photo #BillsLetterIt seems that Redditors love @HansRosling. What will they think of his latest video?We have an opportunity to accelerate progress against poverty, hunger, and disease in the years ahead. Read more:An #MDG we have already accomplished? Halving Extreme Poverty. Learn more at my Annual Letter:Global childhood mortality has been reduced by nearly half since 1990. How?As of January 2013, India is 2 years "polio-free". Learn why:.@melindagates and I saw incredible teacher mentorship in Colorado. Learn more in #BillsLetter:Ethiopia has reduced child death by 60%. That is phenomenal. Watch this video to learn more:Ethiopian parents used to wait to name children b/c many didnt survive. What has changed? Read: #BillsLetterEthiopian parents used to wait to name children b/c many didnt survive. What has changed? Read #BillsLetter & find outIt was a great honor to give this years #Dimbleby lecture. Listen to the broadcast @bbcworldservice at 19:32 GMT:.@HansRosling says We must measure how countries are progressing. Only by measuring can we cross the river of myths.Why do I care so much about measurement? Its not as odd as it seems. Watch my video:Watch this video about my Annual Letter for 2013: #BillsLetterHad a great time w/ @StephenAtHome on @ColbertReport. Tune in tonight & read the letter:Thank you to everyone who took my quiz and signed up to get #BillsLetter. Download:Great discussion w/ @MLauer on @todayshow about global health. Learn more about #billsletterWe achieve amazing progress if we set clear goals & find measures to drive progress toward those goals. #BillsLetterMT @nickkristof Chatting with @billgates at @morningjoe about bill's annual letter,Achieving the #MDGs will lift many out of poverty. How much $ will it cost? Take my quiz:Want to be notified when my Annual Letter for 2013 is available?  #BillsLetterCurious about my Annual Letter? Preview @WSJ:My Annual Letter for 2013 will be released next week. Get notified when the letter is available: #billsletterWhy write an Annual Letter? I'm excited about the progress I see on some of the world's toughest problems.Great submissions coming in! Lots of people sharing powerful #HopeFor2030 videos & photos:Soon, it will be time to update the #MDGs. Whats your #HopeFor2030? Share a video or photo:Listen to my conversation w/ Norwegian PM @jensstoltenberg tomorrow at 3pm Norway time, 2pm GMT:Very cool: @uvmvermont team were able to identify #Tuberculosis with a breathalyzer. via @WiredUKScience matters. @GAVISeth has compelling argument re: vaccine safety and mercury. Lets "stick with the science".In 1986, Guinea worm infected 3.5 million. Last year, just 540. What changed? Leadership and political will..@melindagates & I were honored to spend time with Desmond Tutu during our recent trip to Africa. Photos:Bono talking tech? Great Q&A @techreview where he talks about progress on global heath issues.India's two year polio-free anniversary is one reason why I'm optimistic we can end polio. How? Via @nytimesNearly 1.4m died from #tuberculosis in 2011, so its exciting to see new tools in the fight against the disease:2012 was a good year for #globalhealth. @WHO outlines some of the impressive progress & what else needs to be done:.@NBA players including @mbahamoute & @nickcollison4 joined @UNICEF to fight #polio in Kenya:Kenyas M-Pesa proves that when people are empowered, they will use digital tech to innovate on their own behalf:.@GravityLight is a pretty cool innovation which could be a source of cheap light in developing markets. How?.@KofiAnnans tenure @UN was marked by great accomplishments including the creation of #MDGs. My review of his book:.@melindagates guest edited @BBCRadio4s Today program. Highlights:Very cool data from IHME about diseases that have an impact on economic growth. A few surprises:Most think you are either born with good memory or not. @joshuafoers book might make you reconsider. 2012 favorite:Sir Gordon Conways One Billion Hungry: Can we Feed the World was one of the best books I read in 2012:Ezra Vogels book about Den Xioaping is remarkable. One of my favorite reads of the year. My review:I've just posted my favorite reads in 2012. What were your favorites?Make your donations count. @CharityNav provides great information on the impact non-profits are actually having..@TIMEBusiness has some good advice about picking #nonprofits to support with your hard-earned dollars:.@GreatNonprofits is giving donors, volunteers & recipients a new way to share ideas & success stories.Very Cool double your dollars for STEM projects @DonorsChoose. Code: HOLIDAYInnovative & transparent orgs making a big impact @WeCatapult @charitywater @Giftsthatgive @DonorsChoose @CARE:What organizations are revolutionizing giving? @Melindagates and I highlight some of our favorites:Energy R&D is critical. @ARPAE is funding some interesting new ideas for energy storage batteries:  via @TechReview.@MSFTResearch has teamed up with @OperationASHA to fight #TB in India. Better data = better outcomes:EcoMotors Design Challenge judges, including @jayleno, picked the design most likely to reshape the future:Great read about one of the worlds best thinkers when it comes to business Warren Buffett:Progress in 2012 has made for the most convincing case yet that ending polio is possible. Video:Great video from @ONECampaign. If we stay the course, we can end this disease. Take a look: #startswithme #WAD2012New @UNAIDS report shows 50% decline in #HIV infections in 25 countries. Now we must expand services that work:On World Aids Day, its important to remember that if we stay the course we can end this epidemic.So proud that @MicrosoftPIL is supporting innovative teachers & helping students reach their full potential. #PiLGFEveryone knows about #BlackFriday & #CyberMonday. Now help me spread the word about #GivingTuesday:.@Microsoft: carbon neutral biogas plant will power an experimental data center with methane:  #WorldToiletDayCongrats to Katherine Boo on her @nationalbook award for Behind the Beautiful Forevers. It is an eye-opening read:Great questions from @georgiatech students about tech & innovation. If you didnt hear your question asked, tweet it with #AskBillGIm about to answer questions from @georgiatech students. Watch now:Tune in at 3pm PST for my talk @georgiatech.Today is @worldtoiletday, but 2.5 billion people still dont have a safe way to poop. Learn more:Foundation CEO @jeffraikes answers the question he gets most: How do you decide what issues to invest in? via @ForbesThe @khanacademy has the potential to revolutionize education. @Forbes story from @michaelnoer is worth a read:I believe in #foreignaid. Small investments = big payoff. Do you have ideas to tell the #foreignaid success story?Interesting piece about #Sandy exposing the need for more electricity storage technology: via @HeathClancy & @ZDnetIn 1994, Pakistan saw 23,000 children killed or paralyzed by #polio. Last year: 158. This year: 47. We can #endpolio:Ever wondered how #polio vaccines get to some of the most isolated places on Earth? @NPRhealth & @StorifySometimes innovation is simple. Technology from one field is applied to another. Example: GPS maps for vaccination.How can we ensure that children in remote villages get critical polio vaccines in Nigeria? A new tool could help:See Mo Ibrahims governance index key metrics for those who care about progress in Africa. MUST READ:Care about transparency & accountability in Africa? Powerful ideas from Mo Ibrahim in our chat. VIDEO:.@David_Cameron says we can be the generation that eradicates absolute poverty AND reaffirms UK commitment to aid.Academically Adrift suggests U.S. college students are actually learning very little. Surprised? Read my review:A World-Class Education is sobering. Others are leap-frogging ahead of the U.S. in #STEM. What are they doing well?#Innovation can be found in the most unusual places even in candy. Not a bad idea for Halloween.Why has India been so successful at helping to #endpolio? Great interview from The New York Times:On #WorldPolioDay, reflecting on the amazing people who have helped us get so close to eradicating polio. #endpolioAmazing leadership from #Norway to increase foreign aid budget for 2013. Great to see immunization is a key priority.#Teachers: Want to help your students see the big picture w/ The Big History Project? Join the beta:#Teachers: Big History Project educator beta launches today; learn more, explore and join!No comparison to a U2 show, but Bono & I had a great European tour underscoring the importance of #foreignaid. VIDEO:Inspiring commitment from Nigerian President Jonathan to save 1M lives by focusing on maternal and child health.Congratulations to Daniel Hillel on winning @WorldFoodPrize for his work in micro-irrigation. TIMELINE: the laureatesAid in tough times: Why I believe #smartaid is a smart investment. PODCAST:  @GatesFoundationEnding #polio in Afghanistan sounds impossible.But thanks to Afghani leaders we have a plan & tools to finish the jobGreat Paris trip w/Bono. Deeply appreciate Frances commitment to help worlds poor w/foreign aid despite tough timesWhy go to meet government leaders with Bono? He is a valued friend and partner fighting for the world's poorest.W/ Bono and @fhollande to talk about foreign aid - solid commitment from the French President on this critical issue.Incredible Middle East visit to discuss aid commitments & effectiveness. In Europe today to continue conversation with leaders and partnersThe highest-impact, most-neglected area of human ingenuity is innovations for the poor. @AbuDhabiMSWhy go to the Gulf? So much history, so much to learn from our partners.Venture Philanthropy @SIFPnet helps social innovators get expertise and advice to make the world a better place.How we can work together to end polio once and for all? My chat w/ the president of The Islamic Development Bank..@USYouthObserver Excited to have another @lakesideschool alum committed to the fight against Polio.