Flicitations @EmmanuelMacron pour votre rlection la Prsidence de la Rpublique Franaise. La France est lun de nos allis les plus proches et les plus importants. Je suis heureux de continuer travailler ensemble sur les sujets-cls pour nos deux pays et pour le monde.Congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on your re-election as President of France. France is one of our closest and most important allies. I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world.We are deepening our partnership of peace and prosperity with India.  With its connections to the UKs own Neasden Temple, the Swaminarayan Akshardham Temple in Gujarat is a true symbol of the strong links between India and the UK.As much as I disagree with @AngelaRayner on almost every political issue I respect her as a parliamentarian and deplore the misogyny directed at her anonymously today.We will be reopening our embassy in Kyiv, demonstrating our solidarity with the Ukrainian people. And the UK government is helping to collect evidence of war crimes. Russia must be held to account for its actions. 2/2Today I spoke with President @ZelenskyyUa to update him on the latest steps the UK is taking to support Ukraine. We are providing further military aid, including protected mobility vehicles. We have issued new sanctions against members of the Russian military. 1/2The UK and India share a deep relationship and we are working as closely as ever. I am filled with optimism about the years ahead, and the security and prosperity that our partnership can deliver for generations to come.Today is the day we come together with pride to fly the flag of St George and celebrate everything that makes England a fantastic part of our United Kingdom.On our trip to India we have agreed deals to deliver:  1 billion in new investment  11,000 UK jobs  Growth and prosperity  Thanks to @narendramodi and the Indian people for their warm welcomeOn #StephenLawrenceDay we reflect on his legacy & the part we all must play in building a fairer society where young people can achieve their dreams.  My thoughts are with Stephen's family, who fought hard for justice, and all those who have lost loved ones to barbaric racism.Putin continues his brutal assault in the Donbas, but the fact we are able to reopen our embassy in Kyiv is a testament to the courage of Ukrainians successfully resisting Russian aggression.  Our commitment to Ukraine remains unflinching.A Free Trade Agreement with India could double our trade and investment by the end of the decade. As the third round of talks begin next week, @NarendraModi and I are telling our negotiators: get it done by Diwali.As India celebrates its 75th year of independence, Im hugely optimistic about the depth of the friendship between our countries, and the security and prosperity it can deliver for our peoples for generations to come.Looking forward to meeting with my friend @NarendraModi today in New Delhi.  From climate change to energy security to defence, the partnership of our democracies is vital as the world faces growing threats from autocratic states.Its been a real pleasure to be in Gujarat today to see the fruits of the incredible partnership between the UK and our friends in India. Today we have confirmed more than 1 billion in new investments between our two great countries, creating almost 11,000 new jobs in the UK.Im delighted to wish Your Majesty a very happy 96th birthday. Our hearts swell with appreciation and pride that Your Majesty is our Queen.I was honoured to follow in the footsteps of millions in visiting the Gandhi Ashram in Ahmedabad today. As the world faces renewed conflict, Mahatma Gandhis teachings remind us of the power of peace in changing the course of history.Its fantastic to be in India, the worlds largest democracy. I see vast possibilities for what our great nations can achieve together.  Our powerhouse partnership is delivering jobs, growth and opportunity. I look forward to strengthening this partnership in the coming days.This afternoon I spoke to @POTUS and other foreign leaders about the situation in Ukraine. I updated them on my visit to Kyiv earlier this month and we agreed to work together to find a long-term security solution so that Ukraine could never again be attacked in this way.Today weve launched a nationwide discount on rail tickets to help with the cost of living.  The Great British Rail Sale is the first of its kind and will offer up to 50% off more than 1 million rail tickets this Spring.  Make the most of this great saving and buy yours today.I was delighted to submit four constituency nominations for the #NHSParlyAwards; @H4All_Charity, @HillingdonNHSFT, @CNWLNHS and @TheConfedHill. They do incredible work caring and supporting the people of Uxbridge & South Ruislip.My visit to India will deliver on the things that really matter to the people of both our nations from job creation and economic growth, to energy security and defence. 3/3India, as a major economic power and the worlds largest democracy, is a highly valued strategic partner for the UK in these uncertain times. 2/3This week Ill be travelling to India, to deepen the long-term partnership between our countries.  As we face threats to our peace and prosperity from autocratic states, it is vital that democracies and friends stick together. 1/3, ,  . 2/2Wishing Christians around the world a happy and blessed #Easter, including the Christians of Ukraine whether you are marking Easter today or later this month. May the risen Christs message of hope bring you strength. 1/2I updated my friend @ZelenskyyUa this afternoon on further military aid we will provide to Ukraine in the coming days. The UK will stop at nothing to ensure Ukrainians have the resources they need to defend their country from the ongoing Russian onslaught. #StandWithUkraineChag Sameach to Jews here in the UK and across the globe gathering around the Seder table this evening.  Wherever you are making matzah and whoever you are breaking it with, I hope this Passover brings you joy and renewed hope.Puthandu Vazthukal to all Tamils and a happy Aluth Avurudda to all Sinhalese people.  New Year marks a new lease of life as we recognise the outstanding contribution of these communities in the UK and around the world.We are taking bold action to tackle the vile people smuggling trade and fix our broken asylum system.Wishing Sikhs in the UK and around the world all the joy and happiness of Vaisakhi.  Thank you for everything you do for our country.Congratulations to @CMShehbaz on his election as Prime Minister of Pakistan. The UK & Pakistan have a longstanding relationship and our people share deep ties. I look forward to working together on areas of shared interest.I welcome the sentence given today. We will never allow those who commit acts of evil to triumph over democracy. We will cherish Sir David Amess memory and continue his legacy. My thoughts remain with Julia, the rest of the Amess family and all those who knew and loved him.I've just spoken to @POTUS and updated him on my meeting with President @ZelenskyyUa in Kyiv this weekend. Our joint focus remains on supporting President Zelenskyy and the Ukrainian people in their fight for freedom.  Putin's barbaric venture cannot be allowed to succeed.We know people are worried about the cost of living. Were taking steps to support workers and families, including raising the National Living Wage and Minimum Wage, as well as helping jobseekers into employment through Way to Work. 2/2Good news in todays jobs stats: the number of employees on payrolls increased again in March, and unemployment has fallen further below pre-pandemic levels. 1/2Sir David Amess was a beloved colleague, public servant and friend who championed the city of Southend in everything he did.  My thoughts today remain with Julia, the Amess family and all those who knew and loved him.The signing of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement was not only a momentous moment for peace but has transformed Northern Ireland into the thriving and dynamic part of the UK we see today.  24 years on this progress cannot be underestimated or undermined.The Ukrainians have the courage of a lion. President @ZelenskyyUa has given the roar of that lion. The UK stands unwaveringly with the people of Ukraine. Slava UkrainiToday I met my friend President @ZelenskyyUa in Kyiv as a show of our unwavering support for the people of Ukraine. We're setting out a new package of financial & military aid which is a testament of our commitment to his country's struggle against Russias barbaric campaign.Britain and Germany are horrified by Putins invasion and have agreed that our two countries must go further to help Ukraine.  The UK will send more defensive weapons to Ukraine and will work with G7 partners to target every pillar of the Russian economy to ensure Putin fails.We stand with Ukraine.  Wir stehen fest an der Seite der Ukraine.    .WATCH LIVE: Press Conference with @BundesKanzler.Ich freue mich heute @Bundeskanzler Scholz wilkommen zu heissen.  Ich begre seine prinzipientreue Haltung & Enschlossenheit, die Abhngigkeit von russischer Energie zu beenden. Wie wir auf die russische Invasion reagieren, wird die internationale Ordnung auf Jahre bestimmen.Looking forward to welcoming @BundesKanzler Scholz to the UK today.  I welcome his principled determination to end dependence on Russian energy. How we respond to Russias invasion will define the international order for years to come. We cannot let Putins crimes go unpunished.I salute the Polish people for all they are doing to support Ukraine.  The UK stands with you and shares your determination to help Ukraine diplomatically, politically, economically and militarily. SolidarnoWe cannot allow our country to be dependent on Russian oil & gas.  An important part of the British Energy Security Strategy is our plan to deliver eight new nuclear reactors, the equivalent of one a year, powering millions of homes with clean, safe, and reliable nuclear energy.Nuclear is a reliable, safe and constant source of clean energy. Its absolutely crucial to weaning us off fossil fuels, including Russian oil and gas.  Hinkley Point C will generate low-carbon electricity for six million homes.For years, governments have dodged the big decisions on energy, but not this one. Our Energy Security Strategy sets out our plans to make British energy cleaner, more affordable and more secure.The Health & Social Care Levy will bust the Covid backlogs, deliver millions more checks, tests and operations and fix our social care system. New diagnostic centres and surgical hubs are already reducing waiting times, as we make sure our NHS is fit for the future.Today the UK steps up its stringent package of sanctions on Putins regime.  We will not let Russia's appalling crimes go unnoticed or unpunished.  Ukraine must prevail.The Health and Social Care Levy will tackle the Covid backlogs, delivering millions of extra tests, scans and procedures.  We need to address these waiting lists, and help our NHS to see more patients.The Health and Social Care Levy will raise billions for our NHS to tackle the COVID backlogs, reduce waiting times and deliver millions more checks, scans and operations.  It will also help recruit more fantastic nurses such as Bryony.To the Russian people, look at what is being done in your name.  You deserve the truth. You deserve the facts.Well done Amelia. Da iawn Amelia. , .The discovery of more mass graves outside Kyiv is sickening. The UK will not stand by whilst this indiscriminate and unforgivable slaughter takes place.  We are working to ensure those responsible are held to account.  We will not rest until justice is done.73 years ago today the founding members of @NATO came together, united by a shared belief in liberty and sovereignty. That conviction endures today.  The people of Ukraine are fighting for that same freedom. We will continue to work with our allies to ensure Putin fails.Putin will never break the spirit of Ukraines people or conquer their homeland. Ukraine will rise again and take her place among free and sovereign nations once more.The UK has been at the forefront of supporting the @IntlCrimCourts investigation into atrocities committed in Ukraine, and @DominicRaab has authorised additional financial support and the deployment of specialist investigators we will not rest until justice is served. 4/4I will do everything in my power to starve Putins war machine. We are stepping up our sanctions and military support, as well as bolstering our humanitarian support package to help those in need on the ground. 3/4No denial or disinformation from the Kremlin can hide what we all know to be the truth Putin is desperate, his invasion is failing, and Ukraines resolve has never been stronger. 2/4Russias despicable attacks against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha are yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing war crimes in Ukraine. 1/4The UK will continue to step up military, economic and diplomatic support, including further ramping up sanctions to increase the economic pressure on Putins war machine while Russian troops remain on Ukrainian territory. 2/2This evening I spoke to President @ZelenskyyUa. I congratulated his brave armed forces for pushing back Russias invading army, but recognise the huge challenges they face and terrible suffering being inflicted on Ukraines civilians. 1/2Today is World Autism Awareness Day, and Ive been meeting with families and staff at the Centre for ADHD & Autism Support in my constituency. Together, we can ensure that every child and adult with autism in this country is supported & empowered to reach their full potential.On this day forty years ago the Argentine military junta invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands.  This spring we will thank and remember all those who fought and died to liberate these islands and their people. Our commitment to them is as steadfast as it was in 1982.Saddened to see the aftermath of the fire in Hargeisa with such destruction in the open market that is the economic heart of the city, affecting many small and family enterprises. Your city will rise again and the UK will do what we can to supportSomalilands rebuilding effort.Ramadan Mubarak to all the British Muslims and Muslims around the world preparing for Islams holiest month of the year.  #Ramadan #RamadanMubarakI welcome the announcement of a two-month truce in Yemen by @OSE_Yemen. We now have a window of opportunity to finally secure peace and end the humanitarian suffering I urge all parties to work towards a lasting political solution.Were making work pay with a 1,000 salary boost for full time workers on the National Living Wage the largest ever cash increase. From today around 2.5 million people across the UK will benefit from the increases to the National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage.The Queens Green Canopy tree-planting initiative is a fantastic way to celebrate Her Majestys 70 years of unbelievable service to our country.  Thank you to all the families, schools and community groups who have got involved. @QGCanopyIm proud that some of Australias leading businesses have chosen to invest over 28 billion in clean, green technology and infrastructure here in the UK. This is Global Britain in action.This is fantastic news for our country. The investments announced by Australian businesses today will turbocharge our plans to level up and create growth and prosperity in every part of the UK.Sharing this very intimate story would have taken an immense amount of courage. Thank you @JamieWallisMP for your bravery, which will undoubtedly support others. The Conservative Party I lead will always give you, and everyone else, the love and support you need to be yourself.Discussed the ongoing need to support and sustain Ukraine this afternoon with @POTUS, @EmmanuelMacron, @OlafScholz and Prime Minister Draghi.  There will be no let up in our resolve until aggression against Ukraine ends.President @ZelenskyyUa updated me today on the humanitarian situation in Mariupol, as well as the current negotiations with Russia. The UK will continue to step up our efforts to help Ukraine defend itself from aggression.If your child falls behind in maths or English, we are asking schools to intervene and help them get them back on track.  Thats our pledge to every parent.  Its part of the central mission of this government: to unite and level up across the country.I fully condemn the latest Houthi attack against critical sites in Saudi Arabia, including in Jeddah. These strikes put civilian lives at risk and must stop.Weve set out our plans for 300,000 more EV charge points across the UK. As we press on with our Green Industrial Revolution, were accelerating the transition to electric vehicles, and transforming our national infrastructure to make it even easier to go electric.The instincts of this country are to be as generous as possible to those fleeing Putin's barbaric invasion. It's fantastic news that over 20,000 Ukraine Family Scheme visas have been granted so far.The UK, working with our allies and partners, will continue to support Ukraine and stand against tyranny. We will win together. 6/6Vladimir Putin is already failing in Ukraine. The Ukrainian people have shown themselves to be extraordinarily brave and tenacious in defending their homeland, in the face of an unprovoked onslaught. 5/6The UK will also provide an additional 4.1 million for the BBC World Service to tackle disinformation in Russia and Ukraine, as well as new financial and policing support for the International Criminal Courts investigation into war crimes. 4/6We're providing 25 million in financial backing for the Ukrainian military, which is on top of the 400 million we've committed in humanitarian and economic aid. 3/6The UK will provide an additional 6,000 missiles to Ukraine, in addition to the 4,000 NLAW's and Javelin missiles already supplied. Lethal defensive military aid, including Starstreak high-velocity anti-air missiles, will help Ukrainians continue to defend themselves. 2/6Im at @NATO where Ill be urging our allies and partners to step up military and economic support to Ukraine, strengthening their defences as they turn the tide in this fight. We cannot and will not stand by while Russia grinds Ukraines towns and cities into dust. 1/6The UK stands with Ukraine, now and in the future. As my friend @ZelenskyyUa says: we will win together.In 2019 I promised to equalise National Insurance and Income Tax starting thresholds today we deliver on that promise.  From July people can earn 12,570 a year without paying any tax that's 330 more in people's pockets. #SpringStatement2022I spoke to President @ZelenskyyUa and reiterated the UKs horror at the bombardment of Ukraine and admiration for his armed forces.  At tomorrows G7 & NATO meetings Ill be urging international partners to send more defensive lethal aid to Ukraine and step up pressure on Putin.Those lost to Covid will never be out of our hearts and minds, and today we reflect as a nation. The National Day of Reflection is a chance to come together, mourn, and offer our support and sympathies to all those grieving, and to thank those who cared for us throughout.We're cutting taxes for hardworking people:  - Matching NICs and Income Tax thresholds so you don't pay tax on the first 12,570 you earn - Cutting fuel duty by 5p a litre - Cutting taxes for business - Reducing the basic rate of income tax to 19% in 2024, a cut for 30m peopleThe UK & Ireland bid for the UEFA Euro 2028 has this governments full backing. Our world-class stadiums and passionate fans stand ready to host one of the worlds greatest sporting events. Lets bring football home.This is fantastic news and a very welcome boost to our steel and aluminium industries. Thank you @AnnieTrev and team for securing this bespoke agreement with our American friends.Today @narendramodi and I spoke about the grave situation in Ukraine and agreed its sovereignty must be respected. The UK-India relationship continues to go from strength to strength, and we'll build on our trade, security & business ties in the coming weeks and months.An appalling tragedy. Boris survived four concentration camps & dedicated his life to ensuring the horrors of Nazism wouldn't be repeated. Putin's claim that his invasion of Ukraine is 'de-Nazification' is a grotesque lie. Instead we're seeing the bombardment of innocent people.Five years on from the tragedy in Westminster, we celebrate the lives of the victims & extraordinary heroism of PC Palmer. They live on in all our hearts. The selflessness of those who rushed to the aid of strangers that day represents the spirit of this unique, fantastic city.Ahead of the NATO and G7 meetings this week, I spoke with Quint leaders to discuss our ongoing military, diplomatic and economic support for Ukraine. Together, we need to maintain the pressure on Russias barbaric invasion and ensure #PutinMustFail.I spoke to @KlausIohannis earlier and welcomed Romania's swift response to the humanitarian crisis. We also discussed the impact of Putins invasion on regional stability.  I look forward to meeting the President in person at the @NATO summit this week.This World Down Syndrome Day, Id like to thank @LiamFox for his work on a world-first piece of legislation to improve opportunities, provision and outcomes for people with Down syndrome.Terrible news about the China Eastern Airlines flight MU5735. My thoughts are with the families of all those caught up in this tragedy and the search and rescue teams currently responding.I spoke to President @ZelenskyyUa this afternoon to set out how I will be working to advance Ukraines interests at meetings of NATO and the G7 this week.  The UK will continue to step up military, economic and diplomatic support to help bring an end to this terrible conflict.Nowruz Proz to everyone who is celebrating around the world today, including our Afghan friends marking their first Nowruz here in the UK.  Id like to send my warmest wishes to you and your families.Thank you @First_News for putting important questions to me this week on the war in Ukraine, and to schools across the UK who've been doing brilliant work raising money for the crisis.  Please keep doing what youre doing. Help where you can. Stay informed. #StandWithUkraineIts fantastic to be back in Blackpools historic Winter Gardens for #CPSC22. Follow @Conservatives to watch my speech live at 11:45AM tomorrow.I spoke to President @ZelenskyyUa and praised the steadfast resistance of the Ukrainian people in the face of aggression. The UK stands with Ukraine we will send further defensive aid and they have our full backing in the negotiations.We are committed to supporting British science this week and every week so that together we can restore and confirm our place in the world as a true science superpower. #BritishScienceWeekThis #RedNoseDay thousands of people are coming together, having fun and raising money for good causes. Well done to everyone getting involved. Details about government funding for @comicrelief's important international work will be announced during tonights show on @BBCOne.Honoured to meet Ukrainian MPs @lesiavasylenko, @Aly_shkrum, @mezentseva_dep, and Olena Khomenko in Downing Street today. Putins barbaric invasion of Ukraine is a clear violation of the democracy each of them represent. Ukraine's freedom & independence must be restoredThe story of the Jewish festival of Purim reminds us that tyrants who seek to destroy the innocent do not get away with it.  On this auspicious day celebrating peace and freedom I know prayers will be with President Zelenskyy and all Ukrainians as they fight for freedom.We need to work together with partners around the world to help stabilise global energy markets, massively invest in renewable technologies and protect UK consumers. Thats how we can stand up to Putins blackmail.The ability of a free press to hold the powerful to account is fundamental to our democracy. We must put a stop to oligarchs and the super-rich abusing our legal system to silence critics.I pay tribute to the tireless efforts of those who have worked for six years to make today's events possible. To the @FCDOGovUK officials, our Ambassadors in Iran and of course to my successors as Foreign Secretary @Jeremy_Hunt, @DominicRaab and @trussliz.The release of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori, and the furlough of Morad Tahbaz are huge achievements for British diplomacy.The UK has worked intensively to secure their release and I am delighted they will be reunited with their families and loved ones.I am very pleased to confirm that the unfair detention of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori in Iran has ended today, and they will now return to the UK.Great news that Alfanar Group is investing 1 billion in the Teesside Lighthouse Green Fuels Project, creating hundreds of jobs to produce sustainable aviation fuel from waste, with the potential to reduce emissions by 80% compared to their fossil fuel equivalent.We face a new reality, which we have to confront together with our allies. I'm visiting Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, who are key partners in ensuring regional security and stabilising global energy markets after Russias unprecedented, brutal and illegal invasion.The Joint Expeditionary Force is determined to do everything we can to ensure that Putin fails in Ukraine.  #PutinMustFailIts fantastic that over 100,000 people and organisations have recorded their interest in supporting Ukrainians fleeing the war through the Homes for Ukraine scheme. Thank you to everyone across the country who has stepped up to offer their help so far.  #StandWithUkrainePresident @ZelenskyyUa has mobilised world opinion against the brutality of Vladimir Putin.  We will continue to support him and his people tightening economic sanctions and providing support to help Ukrainians protect themselves from bombardment.It is a huge honour to welcome Nordic and Baltic partners of the Joint Expeditionary Force to the UK.  Well work together to bolster European security and ensure we emerge from this crisis stronger and more united than before.We'll continue to back them in building up our domestic energy security, where neither the UK nor our allies can be blackmailed by the likes of Putin, and in accelerating some of the solutions we need to reach net zero, from low-carbon hydrogen to carbon capture and storage. 2/2Good to meet with leaders from the oil and gas industry today which has an important part in producing the energy we need to move away from Russian hydrocarbons and transition to a more stable, sustainable and cleaner energy future. 1/2We celebrate our Commonwealth family and give thanks for the dedication and service of Her Majesty The Queen. We will work with the whole Commonwealth to promote prosperity and strengthen democracy and peace around the world.I congratulated Korean President-elect Yoon Suk-yeol this morning on his successful election. Together we'll deepen cooperation between our countries.  We agreed that Russia's bombardment of Ukraine is a threat to the values of our countries and an attack on freedom & democracy.I am hugely grateful to our NHS staff, partners and Polish friends for their support in bringing Ukrainian children who need lifesaving medical care to the UK.  We will do all we can to support them whilst they continue their critical cancer treatment.Putins barbaric actions murdering Brent Renaud and other innocent civilians are testing not just Ukraine but all of humanity.  Speaking to President @ZelenskyyUa I assured him that we will continue to do all that we can to bring an end to this disastrous conflict.Looking forward to welcoming Nordic and Baltic leaders to the UK this week. European security has been shaken by Russias attack on Ukraine. We will take action to ensure we're insulated from Russian interference, emerging stronger and more united than before.Good to meet with Taoiseach @MichealMartinTD at Twickenham today. A hard fought match by England but an excellent, determined performance from Ireland for the win. Many congratulations to the team. Our countries are united in our support for Ukraine.I met Flt Lt Colin Bell DFC this week, who risked his life in more than 50 bombing raids over Germany during WWII.  Thank you for your service Colin, it was an honour to meet you alongside @GregClarkMP as you celebrate your 101st birthday.I would like to express my thanks to the @LondonFire Brigade for their swift response in dealing with the fire on Pield Heath Road in my constituency yesterday. Thankfully no injuries have been reported and an investigation to determine the cause is now underway.Today marks a proud milestone in our National Tutoring Programme, with 1 million courses started to help children catch up.  All children deserve a fantastic education. We're investing further to deliver high-quality tutoring to as many children as possible across the UK.I welcome todays positive GDP stats, showing 0.8% growth in January and pointing to recovery in industries most affected by Omicron. Our economy is in a strong position to deal with current challenges, and well continue to support people where we can.Our refreshed National Shipbuilding Strategy will see more than 150 new ships delivered over the next 30 years, turbocharging our exports and helping Britains shipping take a world lead.Good to speak to @ZelenskyyUa again today to update him on the tough sanctions we are bringing in to hold the Putin regime and its supporters to account for Russia's vile actions. #StandWithUkraineOur National Shipbuilding Strategy refresh refocuses our attention on green technology, systems and supply chains. With over 4bn of investment, the shipbuilding industry will go from strength to strength creating new skilled jobs across the UK and levelling up our economy.There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin's invasion.  Today's sanctions are the latest step in our ruthless pursuit of those who enable the killing of civilians, destruction of hospitals and illegal occupation of Ukraine.I spoke to President @ZelenskyyUa to thank him for his address to the @HouseofCommons and to update him on our tough new sanctions against the Putin regime. We will tighten these to impose the maximum economic cost on Russia and are stepping up our military support to Ukraine.Congratulations to Yoon Suk-yeol for winning South Koreas presidential election. is a friend and ally of the and I look forward to working closely together on our shared priorities, protecting freedom and security and promoting trade in the industries of the future.There are few things more depraved than targeting the vulnerable and defenceless.  The UK is exploring more support for Ukraine to defend against airstrikes and we will hold Putin to account for his terrible crimes.  #PutinMustFailImportant discussions with #V4 partners yesterday, including reducing dependence on fossil fuels from Russia vital in defending and improving our collective energy security.  #StandWithUkraineThe UK is the largest bilateral humanitarian donor to Ukraine and is leading the response against Russias invasion. Alongside international partners and allies, we will continue to put pressure on Putins regime - economically, diplomatically and militarily, Putin must fail.Never before in centuries of parliamentary history has the House of Commons listened to an address like that given by President @ZelenskyyUa today.  We will employ every method we can for however long it takes to ensure Putins invasion fails and Ukraine is free once more.Working with industry, we are confident that this can be achieved over the course of the year, providing enough time for companies to adjust and ensuring consumers are protected.In another economic blow to the Putin regime following the illegal invasion of Ukraine, the UK will move away from dependence on Russian oil throughout this year, building on our severe package of international economic sanctions.In 1940 RAF Northolt in my constituency played a vital role in European security, with planes here fighting in the Battle of Britain. With European security threatened once again, I hosted @JustinTrudeau and @MinPres here to ensure that Putins barbaric invasion ends in failure.Happy #InternationalWomensDay to the #ExtraordinaryWomen everywhere. This government is supporting women and levelling up opportunity across the whole United Kingdom. #IWD2022Today I will welcome the Visegrd Group to London for talks. I applaud our Central European partners for their vital support to the Ukrainian people fleeing Putins abhorrent invasion and subjugation. We are clear in our mission Putin must fail.Speaking with @EmmanuelMacron, @OlafScholz and @POTUS this afternoon, we agreed to continue applying the pressure on Russia to isolate Putin diplomatically and economically ensuring his barbaric venture is a total and complete failure.We stand with Ukraine.    .  We staan schouder aan schouder met Oekrane.  Nous sommes solidaires de lUkraine.  forWATCH LIVE: Press conference on Ukraine with Prime Minister Mark Rutte @MinPres and Prime Minister @JustinTrudeauNurses care for us, are there in our hour of need, and heroically saved lives throughout the pandemic.  Its wonderful to see that more than 27,000 nurses have joined our NHS since September 2019, and we are well on track to deliver our commitment of 50,000 more nurses by 2024.@ZelenskyyUa We will continue to do everything we can to support you and your people in the face of this barbaric invasion.  The international community has a responsibility to ensure that Putins bloodthirsty venture ultimately ends in total failure.Putin must fail.Putin must fail and must be seen to fail in this act of aggression.  We must come together under a six point plan of action to ensure Putin fails in his ambitions.  The world is watching. It is not future historians but the people of Ukraine who will be our judge.Congratulations to Neil and Andrew Simpson for their gold-winning performance and Menna Fitzpatrick for securing silver making her our most decorated Winter Paralympian!  A truly fantastic start from @ParalympicsGB at #Beijing2022.UK sailors, soldiers and airmen and women are supporting our NATO partners from the Baltics to the Balkans. They are protecting NATO airspace, assisting refugees and ensuring vital defensive aid reaches Ukraine.  I know I speak for the nation when I say how proud we are of them.Ive been lost in admiration by the way in which the British public has responded to the brutal Russian invasion of Ukraine.  From community groups to sports clubs and businesses, everyone in the UK has been united in their support for the Ukrainian people.The courage of these journalists, putting themselves in terrifying and dangerous situations, is astonishing to watch.  Theyre risking their lives to ensure that the truth is told. Free press will not be intimidated or cowed by barbaric and indiscriminate acts of violence.The UK has led the way with our toughest ever sanctions package against Putins regime and were bolstering this with new powers in our arsenal to go further and faster. We will ramp up pressure on criminal elites trying to launder money on UK soil & close the net on corruption.,  ,  ,    .Totally shocked and saddened to hear about Shane Warne - a cricketing genius and one of the nicest guys you could meet, who also did a lot to help disadvantaged kids into sport.I want to wish the very best to everyone from @ParalympicsGB who will be representing us this month in Beijing.  Well all be cheering you on.Nations across the world, including Ukraine, stood with us then. Today we stand with Ukraine in doing everything we can to ensure Putin's barbaric venture ends in failure. 2/2Four years ago our country was rocked when Russian military intelligence deployed a chemical weapon on Salisburys streets.  My thoughts remain with all those affected and I pay tribute to the tireless efforts of all those involved in the response to this despicable attack. 1/2I've just spoken to President @ZelenskyyUa about the gravely concerning situation at Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station. Russia must immediately cease its attack on the power station and allow unfettered access for emergency services to the plant.Tonight we have sanctioned Kremlin associates Alisher Usmanov and Igor Shuvalov. For as long as Putin continues his barbaric attack on innocent Ukrainians we will continue to exert every power we have to inflict maximum economic pain on Putin and his war machine.The resolve of the United Kingdom to defend our NATO allies is absolute and immovable. I met @jensstoltenberg in Estonia as we double British troop numbers in @NATOs Enhanced Forward Presence.It is unacceptable that so many women and girls still fear and face violence and abuse, and perpetrators must be held to account for their actions. Everyone deserves to feel safe on our streets. 2/2Like everyone else, my heart goes out to the family and friends of Sarah Everard today. The circumstances of her death were truly horrifying and I cannot imagine the pain they have suffered over this past year. 1/2Tonight 38 countries from across the world have made the largest ever referral to the International Criminal Court for Russias barbaric invasion of Ukraine. We are crystal clear that Putin cannot commit these horrific acts with impunity.Todays historic vote marks a moment where the contrast between right and wrong has rarely been so stark. 141 countries have voted to condemn Putins war.  Russia must withdraw from Ukraine. Putin must fail.The UK will do everything possible to support you and the Ukrainian people @ZelenskyyUa.  The attacks we've seen on Ukrainian cities are utterly abhorrent. We'll be urging the strongest possible condemnation of Russia at the @UN later and call for sanctions to go further.Productive visits to Poland and Estonia yesterday. The UK and @NATO allies are working together to exert maximum pressure on Putins regime.  #StandWithUkraineThe stories I heard from the Ukrainian community in London on Sunday were incredibly moving. The UK hears you and the UK is committed to helping you and your families. In your hour of need, we stand with Ukraine.For the sake of Ukraine, Russia and the world Putin must fail.You have our full support Kaja. We are committed to helping Ukraine and protecting our NATO friends & allies exactly why we've doubled numbers of British troops in Estonia in recent weeks.We'll make it easier for Ukrainians living in the UK to bring their relatives to our country, provide up to 220 million of emergency & humanitarian aid and have put 1,000 troops on standby to help the humanitarian response in neighbouring countries. The UK stands with Ukraine.I was delighted to meet leaders from the Western Balkans in London yesterday evening to convey our strong and enduring support for this crucial region.Happy #StDavidsDay  Dydd Gyl Dewi hapusThis is a powerful message from the international sporting community that we will not tolerate Putin's abhorrent assaults on freedom and liberty. Well done FIFA and UEFA.The candle of freedom may burn low in Ukraine in the days and perhaps months ahead, but the UK will stand by you, by Ukraine, until that candle blazes again, bright in independence and liberty.  Slava Ukraini.We have further isolated Russia from the international financial system this morning. Working with our partners, and the G7, we are determined to impose the most severe economic measures possible against President Putin for his abhorrent campaign against Ukraine. Putin must fail.Welcome news that BP is joining the rapidly growing list of organisations and governments isolating Russia over Putin's brutal and miscalculated invasion of Ukraine.In the last days the world has witnessed awe-inspiring displays of bravery and heroism from the Ukrainian people in response to those who seek to obliterate their freedom by force. The UK will not turn its back in Ukraines hour of need.Read our Joint Statement:We have taken decisive action tonight with our international partners to shut Russia out of the global financial system, including the important first step of ejecting Russian banks from SWIFT.  We will keep working together to ensure Putin pays the price for his aggression.Tonight I met personnel at @RAFBrizeNorton to thank them for their efforts in coordinating the UK response to the invasion of Ukraine  The UK has sent defensive military aid to Ukraine and offered a full package of support to @NATO to strengthen its eastern flank.This evening I spoke to President @ZelenskyyUa. The heroism of the President and his people in the defence of their country is awe-inspiring. We are clear Russia must be isolated diplomatically and financially. I welcome increased willingness to exclude Russia from SWIFT.I spoke to @markrutte this afternoon to thank him for strong cooperation in ensuring a supply of defensive aid to Ukraine. We discussed SWIFT and the need for urgent action to exclude Russia. The UK and the Netherlands are united in our condemnation of Putins attack on Ukraine.How the UK is supporting Ukraine.  #StandWithUkraineYesterday I urged NATO and Nordic partners to do all they can to support Ukraine and @ZelenskyyUa. I am pleased even more allies have come forward with defensive and humanitarian aid. We must stand with the Ukrainian people as they defend their country and democracies everywhere.To the people of Ukraine: Slava Ukraini.  To the people of Russia: I do not believe this war is in your name.  This crisis, this tragedy, can and must come to an end. Because the world needs a free and sovereign Ukraine.This afternoon I urged @NATO leaders to take immediate action against SWIFT to inflict maximum pain on President Putin and his regime. The UK will introduce sanctions against Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov imminently, on top of the sanctions package already announced.To our Ukrainian friends in this moment of agony, we are with you and we are on your side. Your right to choose your own destiny is a right that the United Kingdom and our allies will always defend. Slava UkrainiUkraine is a country that for decades has enjoyed freedom and democracy and the right to choose its own destiny. We and the world cannot allow that freedom just to be snuffed out.  We cannot and will not just look away.WATCH LIVE: An update to the @HouseOfCommons on the Russian invasion of Ukraine.Our mission is clear diplomatically, politically, economically and eventually, militarily this hideous and barbaric venture of Vladimir Putin must end in failure.WATCH: My address to the nation on the situation in Ukraine.This is a catastrophe for our continent.  I will make an address to the nation this morning on the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  I will also speak to fellow G7 leaders and I am calling for an urgent meeting of all NATO leaders as soon as possible.I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps.  President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine.  The UK and our allies will respond decisively.I thanked our financial services sector today for the efforts they are making to ensure sanctions implemented against Russia are robust and effective.  Should things escalate further, tougher sanctions are ready to punish President Putin for his destructive course of action.WATCH LIVE: My update to the @HouseOfCommons on the situation in Ukraine | 22 February 2022Vladimir Putin has violated Ukrainian sovereignty and international law.  We will immediately institute a package of sanctions targeting Russian economic interests. It's absolutely vital that the conquest of a European country should not succeed and that Putin should fail.Today is not the day we can declare victory over Covid, because this virus is not going away. But it is the day when all the efforts of the last two years finally enabled us to protect ourselves while restoring our liberties in full.WATCH LIVE: COVID-19 press conference (21 February 2022)WATCH LIVE: An update on Covid-19 in the @HouseOfCommonsVery saddened to learn of the death of Christopher Stalford MLA, a passionate and dedicated servant of the people of South Belfast.  My thoughts are with the Stalford family at this very difficult time.Im sure I speak for everyone in wishing Her Majesty The Queen a swift recovery from Covid and a rapid return to vibrant good health.Thanks to our successful vaccination programme and the sheer magnitude of people who have come forward to be jabbed, we are now in a position to set out our plan for living with Covid this week. 3/3Weve built up strong protections against this virus over the past two years through the vaccine rollouts, tests, new treatments, and the best scientific understanding of what this virus can do. 2/3Covid will not suddenly disappear, and we need to learn to live with this virus and continue to protect ourselves without restricting our freedoms. 1/3Fantastic to see @Team_Muirhead win gold! Massive congratulations to the womens curling team  #Beijing2022 #TeamGBThe unity shown today at @MunSecConf means that we have a chance, even at this 11th hour, of averting disaster and ensuring that good sense can still prevail.Vielen Dank @OlafScholz fr das Gesprch heute ber die Vertiefung der deutsch-britischen #Freundship. Unsere Staaten sind Verbndete, @NATO-Partner mit gemeinsamen demokratischen Werten. Sind uns einig in der Verteidigung der europischen Sicherheit gegen russische Aggression.Great to meet @OlafScholz today and discuss how we deepen UK-German #Freundship.  Our nations are allies, @NATO partners with shared democratic values.  We are united in defending European security in the face of Russian aggression.Britain will always stand up for freedom and democracy around the world, and when we say that our commitment to European security is immovable and unconditional, our deeds show that we mean our words. My speech at #MSC2022:Ukraine asks for nothing except to be allowed to live in peace and to make its own decisions as every sovereign country has a right to do.  Their security is our security, and we are committed to ensuring it is not compromised.The message I am taking to @MunSecConf today is that allies must speak with one voice to stress to President Putin the high price he will pay for any further Russian invasion of Ukraine.  We need western solidarity to avoid unnecessary bloodshed.  Diplomacy can still prevail.The @metoffice has issued a Red Weather Warning for much of the UK.  We should all follow the advice and take precautions to keep safe.  I thank responders for all their efforts.The picture in Ukraine continues to be very grim. This weekend I will travel to the @MunSecConf for discussions with partners. The West is united: De-escalation and dialogue is the only way forward.The UK and Australia are the closest of friends and historic allies. Tonight Prime Minister @ScottMorrisonMP and I agreed to strengthen the partnership between our nations, making it fit for the next century and grounded in our shared priorities on security, democracy and trade.I spoke with Prime Minister @kishida230 this morning and we both agreed that the international community needed to stand united against an invasion of an independent country which would carry severe consequences.  Both the UK and Japan will not tolerate Russias aggression.I thank President @vonderleyen for her close cooperation on sanctions so far.  We will continue working with our allies to prepare a package of economic measures that would punish Russia if Ukraine's sovereignty is breached.There are signs of a diplomatic opening with Russia, but the intelligence we are seeing today is not encouraging.  We have a tough package of sanctions ready if Russia chooses war.  We maintain that diplomacy and de-escalation is the only way forward.Our economic recovery continues with the strongest growth in the G7, low unemployment, redundancies at a record low and the number of payrolled employees at a record high. Our #PlanForJobs is creating opportunities so anyone ready to work can get a job faster than ever before.President Biden and I agreed this evening there is a crucial window for diplomacy & for Russia to step back from its threats towards Ukraine.  We are united in the face of such threats. Further incursion into Ukraine will result in far reaching damage for Russia and the world.Fantastic to see the growth of the @RoyalNavy fleet with the new Type 31 frigate.  In Rosyth, our plan to level up across the UK is coming together.  Were creating jobs and protecting our security interests around the world.We are on an edge of a precipice but there is still time for President Putin to step back. We're urging everybody to engage in dialogue and for the Russian government to avoid what would be a disastrous mistake for Russia.The defence of the realm is the first duty of government thats why were strengthening our Armed Forces, ensuring we can protect UK interests and be a force for good in the world.Levelling up means having access to good healthcare, good education, skilled work and reliable transport no matter where you live. Were getting on with the job, delivering on our mission to unite and level up the whole United Kingdom.When @NATO was founded, allies made a historic undertaking to safeguard the freedom of every member state. The UK remains unwavering in our commitment to European security.Were relaxing COVID-19 travel rules good news for families, businesses and the travel sector, making journeys easier and cheaper. Its thanks to the millions who got vaccinated and boosted that we now have one of the most open borders and societies in Europe.Today's GDP figures confirm the UK was the fastest growing economy in the G7 in 2021. Thanks to the incredible resolve of the British people and our great British vaccination effort the economy is bouncing back stronglyDame Cressida has served her country with great dedication and distinction over many decades. I thank her for her role protecting the public and making our streets safer.NATO is a defensive alliance that is fundamental to global security.  Today I have agreed a package of support with Secretary-General @JensStoltenberg to further strengthen our collective security, sending troops, planes and ships to defend NATO from North to South.I want to thank every member of our Armed Forces currently serving in Europe, standing side by side with their NATO counterparts at its eastern flank.  We stand united and resolute in our commitment to the security of Europe against those who would seek to undermine it.Productive discussions with Prime Minister @MorawieckiM.  Our nations are long-standing friends with deep bonds. We agreed on the importance of pursuing diplomatic dialogue with Russia and ensuring a coordinated package of sanctions are ready to go if needed.  SolidarnoUkraine asks for nothing except for peace and sovereignty, able to choose its own destiny and seek its own alliances like any other independent state.  Britain has always stood for these principles and we will not flinch now.The United Kingdoms commitment to the security of Europe with NATO as the indispensable guarantor is unwavering.  #WeAreNATOTodays crisis is not solely about avoiding the blood-soaked tragedy of another Russian invasion of Ukraine heartrending though that prospect is but about preserving the essential principles that allow nations to live in peace and freedom.  @WSJWATCH LIVE: Press conference with @NATO Secretary-General @jensstoltenbergLooking forward to meeting fellow @NATO leaders today in Brussels and Warsaw.  As an alliance we must draw lines in the snow and be clear there are principles upon which we will not compromise, including the right of every European democracy to aspire to NATO membership.It was a pleasure to meet Prime Minister @IngridaSimonyte of Lithuania today. We agreed to strengthen our close, historic ties.  We discussed our shared concern over the tensions with Russia on Ukraines border and agreed on the need for de-escalation.Whether its recruiting 50,000 extra nurses, building 48 new hospitals or delivering a record-breaking increase in funding, this government has never been shy about its support for the NHS. Were taking action to deal with the Covid backlogs.The behaviour directed at the Leader of the Opposition tonight is absolutely disgraceful. All forms of harassment of our elected representatives are completely unacceptable. I thank the police for responding swiftly.Support for children and young people:  Support for parents:It's #ChildrensMentalHealthWeek, and I want to remind everybody of the important chat I had with the brilliant #DrAlexGeorge.  Talking about mental health is so important, and if youre a young person who is struggling please do reach out for support.  @Place2BeLevelling up means giving everyone, no matter where they live, the opportunity to flourish.  Were closing the gap between the UKs highest and lowest performing cities, with education and skills at the very heart of our plans.Today marks a truly historic momentas Her Majesty The Queen becomesthe first British Monarch to celebratea Platinum Jubilee. I pay tribute to her many years ofservice and look forward to comingtogether as a country to celebrateher historic reign in the summer.The Six Nations tournament kicks off today good luck to @EnglandRugby ,@WelshRugbyUnion, @Scotlandteam and @IrishRugby.Yesterday I travelled across the North of England, seeing levelling up in action.  Wherever you live, wherever you call home, youll have the opportunities you need to make the most of your talent and potential.On #WorldCancerDay my thoughts are with every person and family affected by this awful disease. Early diagnosis is critical so please get checked, even if your symptoms are mild. From diagnosis to treatment we want to improve every stage of cancer services over the next decade.Congratulations @Anna_Firth, I look forward to welcoming you to Parliament next week and working together to deliver for the people of Southend West.Levelling up means bringing better transport to more places.  Im in Blackpool seeing the upgrades to the historic tram network, extending the line and making it easier for locals and visitors to access the town.Here are some of the ways we are Levelling Up the UK.I spoke to President Putin this afternoon to express my deep concern about Russias hostile activity on the Ukrainian border. Any further incursion into Ukrainian territory would be a tragic miscalculation. Dialogue and diplomacy is the only way forward.It is the most comprehensive, ambitious plan of its kind that this country has ever seen and it will ensure that the government continues to rise to the challenge and deliver for the people of the UK.   4/4It is a vision for the future that will see public spending on R&D increased in every part of the country; transport connectivity improving, faster broadband, life expectancies rising, violent crime falling, schools improving and private sector investment being unleashed.  3/4The challenges we face have been embedded over generations and cannot be dug out overnight, but this White Paper is the next crucial step.  2/4The defining mission of this government has been to level up this country, to break the link between geography and destiny so that no matter where you live you have access to the same opportunities.  1/4We stand foursquare behind the Ukrainian people and for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.One year on from the death of Captain Sir Tom Moore, we remember him as a national inspiration, a hero, whose extraordinary fundraising gave us hope during this countrys deepest post-war crisis. His legacy lives on in the @CaptainTomMoore Foundation.The UK is a firm and enduring ally of Ukraine and a supporter of Ukraines territorial sovereignty and integrity. It is vital that Russia steps back and chooses a path of diplomacy.Travelling to Kyiv today to meet President @ZelenskyyUa for talks. As a friend and a democratic partner, the UK will continue to uphold Ukraine's sovereignty in the face of those who seek to destroy it.Levelling up means giving all young people, no matter their background, the skills they need to realise their potential.  So were targeting intensive support to 55 Education Investment Areas, raising school standards and helping children to succeed no matter where they live.A very happy Lunar New Year to everybody who is celebrating in the UK and around the world. I wish you all a very happy and prosperous Year of the Tiger.A year ago the military junta seized power in Myanmar, trampling upon democracy.  The UK stands with the people of Myanmar in the face of brutal military violence, a humanitarian crisis, and the detention of political opponents.  Freedom and democracy must be restored.Two years on from Brexit, we have taken back control of our money, our borders and our laws. And were building back better from Covid, with one of the fastest vaccine rollouts in Europe.Were going further and faster to maximise the benefits of BrexitIts two years since we left the EU, taking back control of our money, borders and laws. Fantastic to be at the opening of Tilbury2, which will drive investment & create skilled jobs. Were maximising the benefits of Brexit and will bring forward a Brexit Freedoms Bill.Two years ago today, we Got Brexit DoneEarlier this week, I was briefed by our defence chiefs on the situation on Ukraines border.  The picture is increasingly concerning I continue to urge Russia to engage in negotiations and avoid a reckless and catastrophic invasion.Tomorrow marks a tragic day in our history, the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. This was one of the darkest days of the Troubles. We must learn from the past, reconcile, and build a peaceful future for people in Northern Ireland.As we come out of the pandemic our message is clear: we are focused on the big issues that matter in peoples lives. So it was fantastic to visit Anglesey yesterday to see some of the brilliant ways we are levelling up in North Wales and right across the UK.This #HolocaustMemorialDay it was a privilege to hear the testimony of Manfred Goldberg BEM, who survived the horrors of the Holocaust. We must conserve memories of the Holocaust, banish any complacency & take action to stamp out antisemitism in this country.  #LightTheDarknessI'm appalled by this despicable footage, and I thank police for making a swift arrest.  This attack is a terrible reminder, on Holocaust Memorial Day, that such prejudice is not consigned to history, but remains a very real problem in society. We must stamp out antisemitism.There is no place in our society for the mockery and abuse of people living with dwarfism, or any other disability or condition. Thank you for meeting me Will, and Im wishing you every success with your campaign.Yesterday I met with @will_perryy, who represented @ParalympicsGB in the 2020 Paralympics and is now campaigning for a kinder and more understanding society for people with dwarfism. It was heart-rending to hear about the bullying and abuse that he has experienced.The success of our booster rollout, the tireless work of the NHS and the amazing public response means Plan B measures have ended in England today. The pandemic is not over everyone should remain cautious, and I urge anyone who hasnt yet got their vaccine to come forward.The UK and India are tied by bonds that span over decades, through generations and across some of the greatest challenges we have faced.  I want to send my best wishes from the UK to the people of India, and to all British Indians, on Indias Republic DayWishing our Aussie friends and allies a very Happy Australia Day! Our historic trade deal last year marked a new dawn between our nations underpinned by our shared history and common values. I look forward to strengthening this in the years ahead.If President Putin were to choose the path of bloodshed and destruction in Ukraine, he must realise that it would be both tragic and futile. My full statement:Fantastic news that EV battery pioneer @BritishvoltUK will build a Gigafactory in Northumberland, creating thousands of jobs in our industrial heartlands and boosting electric vehicle production as part of our Green Industrial Revolution.We were the first nation in the world to administer a vaccine, and one of the fastest in Europe to roll it out.  We kept open this winter while others locked down.  And were the first to emerge from Omicron because we delivered the fastest booster campaign in Europe.Confronted by the nations biggest challenge since the Second World War and the worst pandemic since 1918, any government would get some things wrong.  But this government got the big things right.  5/5And it is because of the extraordinary booster campaign together with the way the public have responded to the Plan B measures that we can return to Plan A in England and allow Plan B regulations to expire.  4/5Were the first to emerge from the Omicron wave, because we focused our NHS on delivering the fastest booster campaign in Europe.  3/5We made the tough decision to open up last summer when others said that we shouldnt, and kept open this winter while others locked down.  As a result, we have the most open economy and society in Europe, and the fastest growing economy in the G7.  2/5We were the first nation in the world to administer a vaccine, and one of the fastest in Europe to roll it out.  This was because we made the big call to pursue our own vaccine procurement, outside of the EMA.  1/5WATCH LIVE: My statement in the @HouseofCommons on coronavirusIm delighted that Her Majesty The Queen has given permission for a special medal be awarded to all those who deployed to Kabul in August last year, honouring the heroism of those who carried out the biggest emergency evacuation for decades and rescuing 15,000 people.Community diagnostic centres like the one I visited in Finchley today allow for checks closer to your home and quicker diagnosis and treatment. They will be vital in cutting NHS waiting lists. Were investing 2.3 billion into opening 100 centres like this by 2025.Magistrates will be given more powers to hand out longer sentences.  This will help tackle the backlog of cases in the Crown Courts speeding up justice for victims, punishing those guilty of serious crimes and building back stronger and safer from the pandemic.Today's figures show unemployment rates are falling and record numbers of people are on payrolls. Our #PlanForJobs is working. We will continue to support access to skills and opportunities, helping the market thrive as we #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic.Today we launch negotiations on an ambitious free trade deal with India one of the worlds biggest and fastest-growing economies. As we take our historic partnership to the next level we will create jobs, increase wages and drive innovation across the United Kingdom.I would like to thank Jonathan Van-Tam for his extraordinary contribution to our country and his invaluable advice throughout the pandemic. Wishing him the very best for the future.This morning I visited Oak Wood School in my constituency to see how students have been settling into the new term. Teachers and staff across the country have been doing an outstanding job throughout the pandemic to keep our children learning.I welcome the decision by @VirginMedia and @O2 to keep roaming free, meaning UK citizens can still use their mobile data, calls and texts across Europe with no extra charges.Deeply saddened to hear of the death of Jack Dromey MP. My thoughts are with Harriet and the family, and all those who knew him as a friend. May he rest in peace.Yesterday I visited Northampton Vaccination Centre where our Armed Forces and volunteers have delivered 282,000 life-saving jabs. If you have not had your booster jab yet then please do come forward and Get Boosted Now.Thank you to each and every one of our brilliant vaccinators right across the country.  You are literally saving lives and allowing us to keep our country open and moving.  It is incumbent on each and every one of us to play our part, protect one another and Get Boosted Now.WATCH LIVE: My statement in the @HouseOfCommons on coronavirusWhat an extraordinary achievement. Congratulations Captain @PreetChandi10!The freedoms that we are able to maintain in the teeth of this Omicron wave have been made possible by the number of people getting boosted. It's the best way to contain this virus, help our NHS, and keep our country open so please Get Boosted Now.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (4 January 2022)A year ago the UK became the first country in the world to administer the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine. Im extremely proud of the UK-made vaccine, with an incredible 2.5 billion doses delivered at-cost to more than 170 countries, saving a great many lives.Get Boosted Now to protect yourself and your loved ones its the easiest New Years resolution you can make.  Thank you to staff and volunteers at the Guttmann Vaccination Centre in Aylesbury, where theyve given over 145,000 vaccinations.132 million Covid-19 vaccinations in a single year is a phenomenal achievement.  It simply wouldn't have been possible without the tireless work of the NHS and volunteers to get jabs in arms saving countless lives.  Please keep coming forward: Get Boosted Now.These recipients have inspired and entertained us and given so much to their communities in the UK or in many cases around the world. We thank them as a country for their dedication and outstanding contribution.2022 is almost upon us. Whatever the challenges that lie ahead in the coming weeks and months, our position today is incomparably better than last year. Make it your New Years resolution to get your jabs and do something that will make 2022 a happy New Year for us all.Getting the booster is absolutely crucial in protecting yourself and your loved ones against Omicron. Get boosted now.However, I would urge everyone to continue to act cautiously given the rising number of Omicron cases.  Most importantly I urge everyone to get their first, second or booster jab without delay to protect yourselves and your loved ones. 2/2We will continue to monitor the data carefully, but there will be no new restrictions introduced in England before the New Year. 1/2There are over 1.5 million vaccination slots available to book in England in the coming days.  We know two jabs dont give you enough protection against Omicron so whether it's your first, second or booster jab I urge you to book an appointment now.  #GetBoostedNowI am deeply saddened to hear of the death of Archbishop Desmond Tutu.  He was a critical figure in the fight against apartheid and in the struggle to create a new South Africa - and will be remembered for his spiritual leadership and irrepressible good humour.I would like to wish you all a very Merry Christmas.Football clubs are the heart of our communities, so I pay tribute to @buryfcofficial fans and @JamesDalyMP who have shown great resolve to bring their beloved club back to life. By helping to rescue Gigg Lane stadium, they are putting the clubs future back in the hands of fans.Thank you to everyone across the country involved in our national testing mission. We have the largest testing capacity in Europe, and last week over 70 million lateral flow tests were dispatched. Only through testing can we fundamentally track infections & understand COVID-19.I want to pass on my best wishes for a Happy Christmas to our Armed Forces across the world and their families at home. You have shown yet again in 2021 that you are equal to any trial or crisis and once again you have filled our hearts with prideGreat to speak to German Chancellor @OlafScholz today.  We spoke about the close friendship between our two nations.  I look forward to working with Olaf in the years ahead.An astonishing 30 million booster doses have been administered across the United Kingdom, with more than 6 million in the last week alone. Thank you to the staff and volunteers behind this incredible national effort and to everyone who has come forward.Our NHS and care staff have been extraordinary throughout the pandemic, and are working flat out over the Christmas period getting booster jabs into arms.  Thank you for everything you do.I wanted to confirm that people can go ahead with their Christmas plans.  But were keeping a constant eye on the data and cant rule out any further measures after Christmas.  Please continue to be cautious, follow the guidance and Get Boosted Now:Weve got cases of Omicron surging across the country now and hospitalisations are rising quite steeply in London.  Please exercise caution. Please get vaccinated. Please Get Boosted Now.From pharmacies to stadiums, were jabbing arms up and down the country.  Were throwing everything at this virus.  Wherever you are, well be there with a jab for you.  So please Get Boosted Now.Covid-19 is a UK-wide threat. I spoke with First Minister @PaulGivan and deputy First Minister @Moneillsf of Northern Ireland about the importance of the booster rollout to tackle Omicron.  Well continue to have discussions over the coming days and work together on this.Earlier I discussed with First Minister Mark Drakeford the continued response to Covid-19 and the importance of working together.  A COBR meeting with representatives from the devolved administrations will take place over the weekend.A record day for vaccinations yesterday with an incredible 936,480 people coming forward. That means 50% of adults have now received a booster dose. Our NHS is working flat out getting lifesaving booster jabs into arms.  Please play your part and Get Boosted Now.The staff, volunteers and military personnel at Hillingdon Hospital vaccine hub in my constituency are working tirelessly to get booster jabs into arms. Getting a booster is the best way to protect against Omicron. Dont delay. Get boosted now.This afternoon I have spoken to First Minister Nicola Sturgeon on the ongoing response to the Omicron variant. We discussed the shared challenges including economic disruption and will continue to work together.Thank you to all the staff and volunteers behind the national effort to Get Boosted Now.  In Ramsgate today I had the privilege of meeting Lucy who has vaccinated an extraordinary 15,000 people in a year.  Come and Get Boosted Now:I want to say a MASSIVE thank you to the 25 million people who have come forward for their booster. Nearly 3/4 of a million people got boosted yesterday alone. A HUGE national effort.  Lets keep going. Dont delay. If you havent already Get Boosted Now.Thank you to the NHS staff, volunteers and military personnel who are working incredibly hard to deliver boosters across the country.  We must keep going. If you havent already, Get Boosted Now.Record day on boosters yesterday thank you to the more than 650,000 people who came forward across the UK. The NHS is working flat out getting lifesaving jabs into arms.  Please play your part and Get Boosted Now, and encourage everyone you know to do the same.WATCH LIVE: COVID-19 press conference (15 December 2021)Nothing can undo the pain caused by David Fuller's unimaginable crimes, but I hope some comfort can be taken from the fact he will spend the rest of his life behind bars. My thoughts are with the family and friends of his victims, who have shown incredible bravery in court today.Northern Ireland is at the heart of our plans to level up across the whole of the United Kingdom.  Our 350 million boost to the Belfast City Deal will turbocharge digital infrastructure, skills and jobs in a city that has a proud history of innovation and creativity.Be part of our national mission to get as many people boosted as possible, as quickly as possible. Help us deliver jabs and save lives. Volunteer here:My letter to everyone working in the NHS.What happened to Star Hobson is shocking and heartbreaking. We must protect children from these barbaric crimes and ensure lessons are learned.Hillingdon Hospital vaccination hub is now open for residents to get their crucial booster jabs.  Get boosted now and protect yourself, your friends and your family.We must act now to get boosted to protect ourselves, our loved ones and the NHS.  Book yours here:Encouraging to see a record jump in employment and falling unemployment with today's jobs figures.  Our incredible vaccine rollout is helping our economy recover.  Please keep coming forward for your booster jabs and protect the progress weve made.We're launching an urgent appeal for volunteers to come forward and support our national mission to Get Boosted Now. Help our brilliant GPs, doctors, nurses & pharmacists. Help us deliver jabs & save lives. Help us get everyone boosted by the New Year.This is your chance to be part of a life-saving, Covid-busting effort. Thousands have already answered the call. But the morevolunteers we get, the more people we can protect. So please sign up tothe Jabs Army now.More than half a million people booked their booster jab today an incredible feat.  We're doing everything we can to deliver millions more boosters in the coming weeks. Thank you to everyone who has answered the call please tell your friends and family to Get Boosted Now.Get Boosted Now.The NHS is working flat-out to deliver jabs and save lives. Do your part and Get Boosted Now.Seeing the rollout of our booster programme in action today more than 23 million people across the UK have already come forward to get boosted. Well give the NHS everything it needs to deliver millions more boosters in the coming weeks.  Dont delay: Get Boosted Now.Its fantastic to see so many people answering our call to #GetBoostedNow over 110,000 people booked before 9am this morning.  If youre 30+ you can book online now, and all adults will be able to do so from Wednesday. So dont delay Get Boosted Now.We are a great country. We have the vaccines to protect our people. So lets do it. Lets Get Boosted Now. Get Boosted Now for yourself, for your friends and your family. Get Boosted Now to protect our NHS, our freedoms and our way of life.An update on booster jabs.We are seeing growth in Omicron cases in the UK that mirrors the rapid increases seen in South Africa.  That is why it is now the proportionate and responsible thing to move to Plan B in England, to slow the spread of the virus.  Find out more:WATCH LIVE: COVID-19 press conference (8 December 2021)Mein Respekt gilt auch Angela Merkels 16-jhrigem Dienst als Bundeskanzlerin Deutschlands.  Als Titanin der internationalen Diplomatie hat sie in diesem Jahrhundert unter allen europischen Regierungschefs mit Sicherheit den grten Beitrag zur Weltpolitik geleistet. 4/4Herzlichen Glckwunsch @OlafScholz zu Ihrer Ernennung zum Bundeskanzler.  Deutschland und das Vereinigte Knigreich sind enge Freunde und zuverlssige Verbndete, und ich freue mich auf eine enge Zusammenarbeit in den kommenden Jahren.  3/4I also pay tribute to Angela Merkels 16 years of service as leader of Germany.  A titan of international diplomacy, she has surely made the biggest contribution to the global landscape of any European leader this century. 2/4Congratulations to @OlafScholz on your appointment as German Chancellor.  Germany and the UK are close friends and staunch allies and I look forward to working closely together in the years ahead.   1/4Our prisons have a central role to play in keeping our streets safe by clamping down on the causes of reoffending. Thats why were bringing in tougher security and a focus on rehabilitation to break the cycle of crime and prevent future victims.Liverpool is at the heart of our programme to have a railway revolution.  Our 96bn Integrated Rail Plan is the biggest ever public investment in our rail network and will transform journeys as we level up across the country.I am grateful for the continuing work of emergency teams and volunteers who are working tirelessly to restore power to the remaining homes and welcome Ofgems review into the response to Arwen. 4/4I also asked for assurances that the energy supply companies were putting in place measures to limit any potential further disruption to households as a result of Storm Barra. 3/4I expressed my concern that more than 1,000 homes are still without power and was assured they would be reconnected tomorrow at the latest. 2/4This afternoon I spoke to Phil Jones, the CEO of Northern Powergrid, to discuss the continuing disruption as a result of Storm Arwen as well as their preparations for Storm Barra. 1/4Drugs are a toxic scourge on our society.  We're going to clamp down on the county lines drugs gangs with 300 million of funding and invest in rehabilitation to help problem drug users get their lives back on track.Were getting tougher on crime to provide the safety, security and support that communities need to level up.Over 20 million people across the UK have come forward and got their booster jab that's 35% of the population aged 12 and above.  The virus doesn't wait, and neither should you please come forward to get your booster as soon as you are called.  It will save lives.Over 35% of the population 12+ have had their booster jab and we are ramping up capacity to offer everyone 18 and over a booster by the end of January. It's the best way to protect you and your family so please come forward when the NHS contacts you.An incredible 20 million people across the UK have come forward to get boosted a fantastic lifesaving national effort.  Ive had my booster. Please get yours as soon as you get called. We cannot give the virus a second chance.I am grateful for the tireless efforts of the emergency teams and volunteers on the ground but remain concerned that more than 4,700 households are still without power. I reiterated to those I spoke to that the Government is ready to further support their work in any way we can.This afternoon I held a number of calls with those leading the response to Storm Arwen, including local community leaders in Northumbria, Durham and Darlington, and Lt Col Mark Steed, who is coordinating the military involvement in the response.Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!We will leave absolutely no stone unturned to find out exactly what went wrong in the tragic and appalling case of Arthur Labinjo-Hughes.Today, on Small Business Saturday, go out and support your local community.  #SmallBusinessSaturday #SmallBizSatUKToday Im wearing a purple tie to mark #IDPWD2021 This government is determined to build back better and fairer for all disabled people. Our #NationalDisabilityStrategy is dedicated to making that happen.Fantastic news that from the beginning of 2022 the people of America will finally be able to enjoy Great British lamb.  The US is the second-largest importer of lamb and mutton in the world and this decision will give the UK sector an 18m boost.Were making the UK the best place in the world to start, scale-up and grow a business. This week, weve been doing our bit in Downing Street to support British businesses with a UK Food & Drink Showcase, celebrating produce from across the country.Congratulations to @louie_french, our newly elected Conservative MP for Old Bexley and Sidcup.  I look forward to working with him to #BuildBackBetter in Old Bexley and Sidcup and across our whole United KingdomIve just got my booster jab from the brilliant @GSTTnhs team.  When your turn comes, get your booster and ask your friends and family to do the same. Lets not give the virus a second chance.Just got boosted.  When your turn comes, please get this lifesaving jab.  We cannot give the virus a second chance.The UK is expected to have the strongest growth of any G7 country in 2021 and 2022. Our #PlanForJobs is working and we're delivering on our promise to #BuildBackBetter and level up across our whole United KingdomThe Western Balkans are experiencing the biggest threat to their stability in over two decades.  I'm proud to appoint Sir Stuart as our new Special Envoy his extensive experience will reinforce international efforts to protect peace in the region.This is disturbing footage. Racism of any kind will never be tolerated in our society and we will continue to do all we can to root it out.Today the UK has ordered 114 million more Pfizer and Moderna vaccines for the next two years, future proofing our lifesaving vaccine programme.  These vaccines can also be edited against any future variants.  When youre called up make sure you get your jab.Wonderful to welcome Christians and Church leaders to Downing Street on the day of our Christmas tree switch-on.  Happy Christmas to you all!Congratulations Magdalena Andersson on your historic appointment as Prime Minister of Sweden. I look forward to working with you to grow the UK-Sweden partnership on trade and defence, andtojointly tackling challenges like climate change.HIV has not gone away. It continues to have an impact on the lives of many people, and it can affect anyone. But were fighting the virus, were fighting the stigma, and our plan makes big progress towards making HIV history. 4/4We're doing more to fight the stigma too. The Armed Forces have committed to ensure being HIV+ is no longer a barrier to entry for those wishing to serve in uniform. This reflects the fact that HIV+ people on treatment live full and active lives.  3/4Under our plan, published today, we will achieve zero new HIV infections and deaths from HIV/AIDS by 2030. We are also increasing funding which will scale up testing, as well as increasing access to PrEP and other prevention programmes.   2/4On #WorldAIDSDay we remember and show our support to the millions affected by HIV and AIDS. Weve taken huge strides in treating HIV/AIDS over the past few decades, but we must and are going further. 1/4The fantastic volunteers of @TheSuns Jabs Army helped achieve the fastest vaccine rollout in Europe. With the emergence of Omicron, we now need you again.  This isnt a call to arms, but a call to get jabs in arms. And quickly.  Please join the Jabs Army if you can.Staff and volunteers at vaccination centres are doing an amazing job getting over 100 million jabs in arms across the UK. Vaccines are our best line of defence and we will offer all adults a booster by the end of January. Come forward and get yours as soon as you are called.It's time for another Great British vaccination effort.  We've done it before and we are going to do it again.  Let's not give this virus a second chance.  #GetBoostedWATCH LIVE: COVID-19 press conference (30 November 2021)I am lost in admiration for what Tony Hudgell and his parents Paula and Mark have achieved through their tireless campaigning. It was a pleasure to meet with Tony when I visited his school last year and to give him a Points of Light award in recognition of his achievements.We're introducing Tony's Law, increasing the maximum penalties for anyone who causes or allows the death or serious physical harm of a child so that the punishment fits the crime.Happy St Andrews Day to everyone celebrating today in Scotland, across the UK and around the world  #StAndrewsDayThe measures taking effect today are proportionate and responsible, and will buy us time in the face of this new variant.  Vaccines and boosters remain our best line of defence, so it is more important than ever that people come forward when eligible to get boosted.This Chanukah, as we remember the rededication of the temple, I want to rededicate my support for our fantastic Jewish community. Thank you for your amazing contribution to this country.  Chag Sameach!My thoughts are with those continuing to face any disruption caused by Storm Arwen. The situation in the North East of Scotland is among the most concerning and while forecasts are improving, we are on standby to provide further assistance to the Scottish Government.Congratulations to @P_Fiala on your appointment as Prime Minister of the Czech Republic. Our countries share a deep-rooted commitment to European security, and the shared values which bring us together are as important now as they ever were.A very happy Chanukah to Jewish people in the UK and around the world who will be lighting the menorah this week.  Chag Sameach!Read my statement at the COVID-19 press conference here:WATCH LIVE: An update on COVID-19 (27 November 2021)Delighted to welcome Prime Minister @MorawieckiM to Downing Street today. The UK and Poland share a deep and long-standing friendship. We stand shoulder to shoulder with our Polish friends against those who would try to destabilise the integrity of Polish borders.  Solidarno.I welcome todays Union Connectivity Review, which has the potential not just to improve connectivity across the UK, but to bring jobs and opportunity to millions and bring us closer than ever before.My letter to President Macron.I am confident that by taking these steps and building on our existing cooperation we can address illegal migration and prevent more families from experiencing the devastating loss we saw yesterday.  8/8This would be the single biggest step we could take together to reduce the draw to Northern France and break the business model of criminal gangs.  7/8If those who reach this country were swiftly returned the incentive for people to put their lives in the hands of traffickers would be significantly reduced.  6/8- Immediate work on a bilateral returns agreement with France, alongside talks to establish a UK-EU returns agreement.  An agreement with France to take back migrants who cross the Channel through this dangerous route would have an immediate and significant impact.  5/8- Reciprocal maritime patrols in each others territorial waters and airborne surveillance.  - Deepening the work of our Joint Intelligence Cell, with better real-time intelligence-sharing to deliver more arrests and prosecutions on both sides of the Channel.  4/8I have set out five steps we should take as soon as possible:  - Joint patrols to prevent more boats from leaving French beaches.  - Deploying more advanced technology, like sensors and radar.  3/8I pay tribute to the emergency services who have been dealing with this devastating situation.  Following our conversation last night I know President Macron recognises, as I do, the urgency of the situation we are both facing.  2/8Tonight I have written to President Macron offering to move further and faster to prevent Channel crossings and avoid a repeat of yesterdays appalling tragedy which claimed the lives of at least 27 people.  1/8This data is very reassuring, showing the vaccine continues to be the best way pregnant women can protect themselves and their baby.  We know pregnant women are more likely to become seriously ill if they catch Covid. If you haven't been vaccinated yet, please come forward.Immensely proud of those involved in Operation PITTING.  Thanks to their heroic efforts, we were able to evacuate over 15,000 people from Afghanistan and bring them to safety.Lissie Harper has campaigned tirelessly for justice following the appalling killing of her husband PC Andrew Harper in 2019.  I was honoured to meet her on the day we committed to bring in Harpers Law, which gives emergency workers greater protection from violent criminals.I am shocked, appalled and deeply saddened by the loss of life at sea in the Channel. My thoughts are with the victims and their families.  Now is the time for us all to step up, work together and do everything we can to stop these gangs who are getting away with murder.Great booster news: 16 million people have come forward and topped up their protection with a booster jab.  We know vaccine immunity weakens over time. The best thing you can do this winter to protect yourself and others is to #GetBoosted as soon as you are eligible.I want to pay tribute to Lissie Harper for her extraordinary campaign on this issue following the appalling killing of her husband PC Andrew Harper.We will introduce Harper's Law and impose an automatic life sentence on those who kill police officers, nurses and other emergency service personnel who are on duty.A phenomenal achievement by Kevin Sinfield, running 101 miles in 24 hours to fundraise for motor neurone disease research. A heartwarming moment to see him greet the man he is running for at the finish line.Today we mourn the death of Sir David Amess, a beloved colleague, public servant and friend, and pay tribute to his immense contribution to politics, to the people of Southend and to this country.I visited @Tharsusltd in Blyth today who are manufacturing incredibly advanced robots.  Were pushing forward with our Green Industrial Revolution, investing in new technologies and generating the clean, green jobs of the future.WATCH LIVE: My speech at the CBI Conference (22 November 2021)Brilliant news that over 15 million lifesaving boosters have been given across the UK.  The third jab boosts weakening immunity back up to over 90% - it's vital you come forward for yours as soon as you are eligible.Im proud that there are more women in parliament today than ever before.  But there is much more to do, and we cant rest until 50% of MPs are women.  If you know someone who would make a great MP, then #AskHerToStand.We want to get rid of pointless plastic and better protect our planet. Take a look at our proposals and tell us what you think:Over 14 million boosters have been given across the UK, as our lifesaving vaccination programme continues.  Don't put yourself at risk and let your immunity weaken this winter. Please go and get boosted as soon as you are eligible.From today, booster jabs will be added to the COVID pass on your NHS app for international travel. This will enable travel to countries who have introduced a time limit for the vaccine to be valid for quarantine-free entry. Please get your booster when you are eligible.I travelled across the Midlands and North of England on the train to explain how our Integrated Rail Plan will level up rail travel across the country. This is the most monumental investment in rail infrastructure in a century.  Watch my journey:The Integrated Rail Plan is the biggest transport investment programme ever.  It will mean faster journey times and better local connections.  And it will be delivered faster and fairer than before.  Its levelling up in action.As we launch the biggest ever public investment in our railways, Im taking the train across the North and Midlands to show how our Integrated Rail Plan will transform journeys.  Keep up to speed with my journey on my Instagram:The UK is embracing its future as an independent trading nation, and our Export Strategy shows how well help our world-class firms sell their world-class goods and services to more countries than ever before  #GlobalBritain #BuildBackBetterWelcome to Downing Street Prime Minister @KMitsotakis!   Downing Street, .  !Brave testimony from Azeem Rafiq. I commend him for speaking out. There is no excuse for racism anywhere in society and we expect @EnglandCricket and @YorkshireCCC to take immediate action in response to these allegations.13 million people across the UK have now received a booster jab, and we're expanding the programme to include everyone aged 40 and above.  The third jab boosts weakening immunity back up to over 90% it's vital you come forward for yours as soon as you are eligible.Immensely proud that 2bn Oxford-AstraZeneca doses have been supplied in more than 170 countries. This would not have been possible without the collective effort of so many, from researchers to those putting jabs in arms. Thanks to them, lives have been saved around the world.I have written to the Commons Speaker to propose:  1) The Code of Conduct for MPs is updated 2) MPs who are prioritising outside interests over their constituents are investigated and appropriately punished 3) MPs are banned from acting as paid political consultants or lobbyistsI mourn the death of Clarissa Eden, Countess of Avon. Wife of Anthony Eden and niece of Churchill, her life spanned the great events of the 20th century. We have lost one of our last links with an extraordinary age.Record numbers moving into employment and unemployment continuing to fall are more encouraging signs that our #PlanForJobs is working. We're investingina high-skill,high-wage, high-productivityeconomytolevel up opportunities across the country.It would be a tragedy if people who had done the right thing by getting double vaccinated ended up becoming seriously ill or even losing their lives because they allowed their immunity to wane by not getting their booster.  Please get this lifesaving jab when it's your turn.Congratulations to Gareth Southgate and his @England squad on sealing qualification for next years World Cup with tonight's win over San Marino.WATCH LIVE: COVID-19 press conference (15 November 2021)We know vaccine immunity weakens over time, so its vital that you come forward and #GetBoosted when you can.Great news: people aged 40-49 will be invited to get their booster jabs.  And 16 and 17 year-olds will start getting their second doses.  Both are vital in keeping us protected so get your jabs when you can.  #GetBoostedMy thoughts are with all those affected by the awful incident in Liverpool today. I want to thank the emergency services for their quick response and professionalism, and the police for their ongoing work on the investigation.WATCH LIVE: Press conference following the @COP26 climate summitToday and every day, we will remember them.This year, as every year, we will wear our poppies with pride.  We will stand as a nation in two minutes of silent tribute.  And at the going down of the sun, and in the morning, we will remember them.We've made serious breakthroughs @COP26. We've kept 1.5 alive and made huge progress on coal, cars, cash and trees. And while there is still so much that needs to be done to save our planet, we'll look back at COP26 as the moment humanity finally got real about climate change.I hope that we will look back on COP26 in Glasgow as the beginning of the end of climate change, and I will continue to work tirelessly towards that goal. 4/4There is still a huge amount more to do in the coming years. But todays agreement is a big step forward and, critically, we have the first ever international agreement to phase down coal and a roadmap to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees. 3/4I also want particularly to thank COP President @AlokSharma_RDG who has worked incredibly hard to bring countries together. 2/4We asked nations to come together for our planet at @COP26, and they have answered that call. I want to thank the leaders, negotiators and campaigners who made this pact happen and the people of Glasgow who welcomed them with open arms. 1/4I laid a wreath at the Polish War Memorial in my constituency in memory of all those who gave their lives for our freedom. Their bravery and sacrifice for our country will never be forgotten.Brilliant that over 11 million people across the UK have come forward for their lifesaving booster jabs. We know immunity from vaccines weakens over time.  But your booster jab will top up your protection.  So play your part this winter and #GetBoosted when you are eligible.I am saddened by the death of FW de Klerk. My condolences to his family for their loss.On the eleventh hour, of the eleventh day, of the eleventh month, the guns fell silent. Today, as then, we will remember them. #LestWeForget #ArmisticeDayI welcome the strong show of commitment from China and the US last night to step up climate action this decade and keep 1.5C in reach. This is a boost to negotiations as we go into the final days of @COP26 and continue working to deliver an ambitious outcome for the planet.At @COP26 the world is closer than it has ever been to signalling the beginning of the end of climate change. But we need to be more ambitious, with better plans for implementation.  In these final days, I urge leaders to come together and grasp the opportunity before us.Today I spoke to teams at @COP26 to see what more we could do to keep the rise in global temperatures to 1.5 degrees. There's still a long way to go. For the sake of the planet, we need to make every effort. #COP26WATCH LIVE: COP26 press conference.The Environment Act will deliver the most ambitious environmental programme of any country on earth.  It will clean up our air and protect our rivers.  Alongside our net zero target, were setting an example for the rest of the world to follow at @COP26.Back at @COP26 in Glasgow today. Negotiating teams are making progress, but we need to pull out all the stops in the next few days to keep 1.5 alive.  Its time for nations to put aside differences and come together for our planet and our people. #COP26I was honoured to place a tribute in the Constituency Garden of Remembrance for the men and women of Uxbridge & South Ruislip who bravely sacrificed everything in service of our country. For our tomorrow they gave their today.  We will remember them. #ParliamentRemembersA very powerful and poetic video on why we will stop, pause and remember this week.  #LestWeForgetMore than a million people booked their booster jab over the last 3 days. Vaccine protection weakens over time, so Covid boosters are vital for those most at risk over winter. You can book your booster five months after your second dose.Were backing @RollsRoyceUK's plans for new, low-carbon nuclear technology which plays a crucial role in reducing our dependence on fossil fuels.  Brilliant British engineering can unleash clean energy, create green jobs and bring us closer to net zero.A huge thank you to the 250 people from across the UK who came to the rescue.  Your extraordinary effort, bravery and tenacity over the last three days has been commendable.Were making record investments in our NHS.  But we also need to do our bit.  If youre eligible come forward and get your booster jab, giving you extra protection from Covid this winter.  #GetBoostedInspiring to see community spirit in action @NeasdenTemple today.  @PritiPatel and I saw the incredible contribution Hindus make to the UK, from serving in our police and NHS to rolling out the Covid vaccine. Happy New Year and Shubh Diwali to our wonderful Hindu community!It was truly wonderful to return to @NeasdenTemple in North London today.  As we mark Hindu New Year and #Diwali Id like to send my warmest wishes to all British Hindus, who make an incredible contribution to our country.An amazing 10 million people across the UK have already come forward for their booster.  We know vaccine immunity wanes over time, so boosters are vital in keeping you and your loved ones protected through the winter. Please get this lifesaving jab as soon as you are called.Boosters are vital in giving us extra protection, and 9 million people have already come forward to get theirs. We know vaccine immunity reduces over time.   We mustn't be complacent this winter.  So please get yours when you get the call.Significant steps to consign coal to the history books made at @COP26.  The world is moving in the right direction.Brilliant to hear @MHRAgovuk has approved the world's first antiviral pill for Covid molnupiravir.  Along with the vital protection provided by our vaccines, this treatment can prevent those who are most at risk from becoming seriously ill with Covid.Happy Diwali and Bandi Chhor Divas to everyone celebrating here in the UK and around the world!  #DiwaliGovernments can mobilise billions to fight climate change, but the private sector can mobilise trillions. Today's commitments at @COP26 will deploy $130 trillion to build the global green economy of the future.We've made good progress at the @COP26 World Leaders Summit, but the work is just beginning.  Let's get real about climate change and protect our planet for future generations. #COP26The eyes of the world will be on @COP26 for the next ten days.  Lets keep moving forward, keep 1.5 alive and make this the moment we irrefutably turn the tide against climate change.WATCH LIVE: @COP26 press conference.Let's keep 1.5 alive #COP26By making clean technology the most affordable, accessible & attractive choice, the default go-to in what are currently the most polluting sectors, we can cut emissions around the world.  The Glasgow Breakthroughs @COP26 will turbocharge this forward.Lets work together not just to protect the forests, but also to ensure that the forests return.   #COP26The whole United Kingdom is leading the fight against climate change. Together we welcomed the world to Glasgow for @COP26 so that we can protect the planet and build a greener, more prosperous future. #COP26Forests are the lungs of our planet. Today @COP26, over 100 leaders representing 85% of the world's forests will take landmark action to end deforestation by 2030. With this pledge, we have a chance to end humanitys long history as natures conqueror, and become its custodian.The UK will work with India to make even more progress, including through the Clean Green Initiative we discussed today @COP26. 3/3PM @narendramodi has for the first time made a commitment for India to become net zero, meaning 90% of the worlds economy is now committed to this goal. 2/3India has today announced ambitious plans for half its energy to come from renewables by 2030.  This will cut carbon emissions by a billion tonnes, contributing to a worldwide decade of delivery on climate change. 1/3If we don't get serious about climate change today, it will be too late for our children to do so tomorrow.Great news: 8 million people across the UK have come forward to get a booster jab, with more than 820,000 in the last 3 days alone. The booster gives vital additional protection against COVID over the winter months, so please come forward when it's your turn.I want to see the UKs Green Industrial Revolution go global. The pace of change on clean technology and infrastructure is incredible, but no country should be left behind in the race to save our planet.While @COP26 will not be the end of climate change, it can and it must mark the beginning of the end. My address at the World Leaders Summit Opening Ceremony:  #COP26 | #TogetherForOurPlanetWATCH LIVE: My address at the @COP26 World Leaders Summit.Ill be asking world leaders to take action on coal, cars, cash and trees to keep alive the prospect of limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees.  #COP26History will judge us on what we achieve over the next two weeks.  We cannot let future generations down.  #COP26COP26 will be the worlds moment of truth.Theres been some progress at #G20Italy. Now lets make @COP26 count.I'm very grateful to His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales for making the case for action on climate change at #G20Italy.Great to catch up with @ScottMorrisonMP at #G20Italy. With our shared climate commitments, our #AUKUS security partnership and a brilliant trade deal between our two countries, the UK-Australia relationship has never been stronger.We have a responsibility to help those in Afghanistan most at risk under the Taliban regime, particularly women and girls. The UK will give 50m to that end, and I urge the G20 to prioritise the rights of women and girls in all our international development efforts. #G20ItalyAt the G20 this weekend Im focused on the big challenges facing the UK and the world.  Action on climate change so we preserve the planet for future generations Defeating the pandemic by encouraging the rapid global distribution of vaccines #G20ItalyToday I spoke to @POTUS Joe Biden, Chancellor Angela Merkel and President @EmmanuelMacron at #G20Italy about the risks posed to international security by Irans escalating nuclear program. Read our statement:This years G20 meeting has begun in the beautiful city of Rome. The worlds major economies must take action to end the pandemic and preserve the planet. Lets get to work. #G20ItalyThank you Prime Minister Draghi for hosting #G20Italy. As co-hosts of @COP26, the UK and Italy are working closely together to make international progress on cutting emissions. Were looking forward to the start of the summit on Monday.As the countries with the greatest contributions to global warming, the G20 holds the key to unlocking global action on climate change. This weekend at #G20Italy Ill be calling for ambitious steps on coal, cars, cash and trees that will build the net zero economy of the future.Fantastic to see 7 million people across the UK have come forward to get their booster jab. Vaccine protection falls over time, and the booster will top up your immunity for the winter months.  Please come forward to get the jab when it's your turn.Great news that we will cut the cost of HRT prescriptions on the NHS.  HRT can be a lifeline for women experiencing the menopause, so Im pleased were making it cheaper and easier to access these important drugs.Ive just bought my poppy.  As we mark the centenary of @PoppyLegion, Id encourage everyone to do the same.  Every poppy counts towards helping our brilliant Armed Forces community, who have given so much to this country.A very great pleasure to meet with His Majesty King Abdullah today ahead of @COP26.  The UK and Jordan share a close and long-standing friendship. As Jordan celebrates its centenary, I look forward to strengthening our partnership in the years ahead.Young people are 100% of our future.  At @COP26 Ill be passing on their hopes for the planetCongratulations Vivienne. David would have been very proud.Fantastic to see nearly 1 billion invested in @SABIC's Teesside facility, creating and safeguarding 1,000 jobs.  It's a huge vote of confidence in the UK's chemicals and processing industry, which is pioneering innovation in clean, green technology.This Budget will deliver a stronger economy for the whole of the UK.  Were building back better from the pandemic with a more innovative, high skill and high wage economy that will level up across the country.This Budget will help deliver a high skill, high productivity, high wage economy for the British people. Together we will build back better from the pandemic and level up across our whole United KingdomOne of my first promises as PM was to make our streets safer by recruiting 20,000 more police.  Were delivering on that promise, having now recruited over 11,000, more than half way to our target.  Were getting on with the job of delivering on the peoples priorities.I want to encourage everyone to vote for Sir David Amess dog Vivienne for Westminster Dog of the Year.  Vivienne brought David great joy and happiness, and this award would be a wonderful tribute to his memory and love of animals.  Vote here:Our objectives for @COP26 are clear.   This is not a chance we can miss.  #CoalCarsCashTreesFantastic to meet so many talented young people from @10000BI yesterday in Downing Street, and celebrate the amazing contribution of Black entrepreneurs, businesses and professionals to the UK. #BlackHistoryMonthGreat to see Australia commit to reach net zero by 2050. They join a growing club - over 80% of the global economy is now committed to net zero. I look forward to welcoming @ScottMorrisonMP to Glasgow next week to deliver a successful @COP26.More than 6 million people from across the UK have come forward to get their booster jabs.  Getting boosted is the single best step you can take to protect yourself, your loved ones and the NHS this winter. So please take up the offer when its your turn.The fight against climate change affects us all, but has an even greater impact on the next generation.  Im hosting a #KidsPressConference with @TanyaMSteele, CEO of @WWF_UK on what action they want to see leaders take on climate change ahead of @COP26.In just seven days' time, the @COP26 climate summit will begin in Glasgow.  This is our best chance to make the changes we need to protect our planet for our children and grandchildren.  #COP26Fantastic to join the next generation of high-skilled engineers, learning to splice fibre at G Networks new Fibre Academy in my constituency. More than half of the UK can now access lightning-fast gigabit broadband, a huge jump from just 6% in 2019!Saudi Arabia's landmark pledge to reach net zero emissions by 2060 is a major step forward. I look forward to seeing further announcements at the Middle East Green Initiative and to working together @COP26 to keep 1.5C within reach.Professor Jonathan Van-Tam is spot on. Getting a booster jab AND a flu jab when called is the best way to boost immunity, protect the NHS and keep our loved ones safe as we go into winter.Its so important to come forward and get your Covid booster jab when called. We know that the protection given by the vaccines reduces over time, so its vital you get vaccinated, get boosted, and get protected.  #GetBoostedFantastic that over 5 million people across the UK have come forward to get their booster jabs.  Its vital that you take up your booster jab when youre offered it this winter.  Get vaccinated. Get boosted. Get protected.The @COP26 summit is a turning point for humanity.  The world must act now to protect our planet before it is too late.  #COP26Today in Northern Ireland Ive seen communities come together with a shared commitment to peace and prosperity. The UK is investing in that future, helping to build a high-skill green economy that will level up opportunities for the people of Northern Ireland. #NIBeyond100Great results from @pfizer showing 95.6% efficacy against COVID-19 after your booster jab compared to just two doses. Please get yours when you get the call.Today I was honoured to attend a service at Armagh Cathedral to mark Northern Irelands Centenary Year. #NIBeyond100.@JacindaArdern and I have agreed a new trade deal that will help both the UK and New Zealand build back better from the pandemic. Our two countries share deep ties of history, culture and values, and I look forward to the next chapter in our friendship..@iberdrola's 6bn planned investment in UK offshore wind is a huge vote of confidence in our Green Industrial Revolution.  Its not only going to help power 2.7 million British homes, but will electrify our economic recovery and create 7,000 high-skilled jobs.I fully support this campaign from @TheSun. As we get close to winter, make sure you get a booster jab when offered to maintain your protection against COVID and keep your loved ones safe.The UK has already shown that cutting emissions and economic growth go hand in hand. Our Net Zero Strategy sets out our ambition to revitalise our industrial heartlands, put our economy on a path to a greener future, & support good quality green jobs.The Indo-Pacific is increasingly important for our security and prosperity.  Im delighted that we are bringing government and industry leaders together on board the magnificent HMS Prince of Wales carrier to discuss how we can strengthen our alliances in the region.The UK's green technology industry is booming. At todays Global Investment Summit weve secured almost 10 billion that will drive the growth and jobs of the future. #UKInvestment #BuildBackBetterThe UKs path to ending our contribution to climate change will be paved with well-paid jobs, billions in investment and thriving green industries powering our green industrial revolution across the country. #NetZeroA pleasure to sit down with @BillGates at the Global Investment Summit today, where we announced a new 400m partnership between the government and @Breakthrough to supercharge a green industrial revolution across the UK:  #UKinvestment #BuildBackBetterThe worlds top investors have seen the massive potential in the UK for green growth and innovation. This 9.7 billion of new investment will power our economic recovery, creating thousands of jobs and helping to level up across the country:We'll protect consumers while going green.  Our boiler upgrade scheme will grant homeowners 5,000 to switch to low-carbon alternatives like heat pumps. Read my article in @TheSun.I am sorry to hear of the death of Colin Powell. He was an impressive and internationally respected statesman. He leaves a lasting legacy and Im sure his life will continue to be an inspiration to many.Sir Davids death leaves a vacuum that will not and can never be filled.  We will cherish his memory, we will celebrate his legacy and we will never allow those who commit acts of evil to triumph over the democracy and the Parliament that Sir David Amess loved so much.This morning I laid a wreath in memory of Sir David Amess MP, a much loved colleague and friend.  My thoughts are with his wife, children and friends.Sir David Amess MP 1952-2021All our hearts are full of shock and sadness at the death of Sir David Amess MP. He was one of the kindest, nicest, most gentle people in politics.The first industrial revolution was powered by steam.  The next industrial revolution will be green, creating new jobs and sustainable growth.  We're driving ahead like a locomotive to deliver on our promise to level up across the United Kingdom.These new figures are yet more evidence that going green means creating high-quality jobs across the UK. We are at the forefront of seizing these new opportunities, supported by major government investment and a British zeal for innovation and commerceHuge congratulations to David Swanston on being shortlisted for the Global Teacher Prize. There can be no great schools without great teachers, and Mr Swanston's dedication to his pupils serves as an inspiration to all.The UK welcomes Russias commitment to cut emissions and reach net zero by 2060.  This is good progress ahead of @COP26 we continue to encourage all countries to up their ambition and aim for net zero by the middle of the century.Our #PlanForJobs is working. Unemployment is falling. Wages are growing. We will continue to support people to access the skills and opportunities they need, so businesses can fill vacancies in growing industries and help the UK #BuildBackBetter.Educating girls doesn't just improve lives, it transforms societies. The UK is a leading supporter of girls' education and I will always campaign to give every girl around the world 12 years of quality education. #DayOfTheGirlGeneral support:  Support for current Armed Forces personnel:  Support for Veterans:It takes courage to speak out about mental health.  But I say to everybody in the armed services who might want to reach out for help we're here for you.His fight against cancer was heroic, and it is a measure of his resolve that he came back from a first bout with the disease to serve in government again. He will be missed by all who knew him.  Our thoughts are with Cathy and his family.I worked with him for many years in London and I know how much he cared for the interests of his Bexley constituents.He served with particular distinction in the Home Office and as Security Minister. If the government needed something done well and speedily - and sensibly explained - James was the man to do it.Desperately sad to hear the news about James Brokenshire. James was the nicest, kindest and most unassuming of politicians but also extraordinarily effective.Fantastic news that the UAE has become the first Gulf country to commit to Net Zero emissions by 2050.  This is a significant step in tackling climate change and I hope more countries commit to Net Zero ahead of @COP26.The UK is honoured to host these games in the brilliant city of Birmingham, bringing together 72 nations and territories from across the globe & marking a year of pride and celebration for this country.I want to thank General Sir Nick Carter for his decades of steadfast duty spent keeping the UK, its citizens and our allies safe. I wish him every success in his next endeavour. 2/2Delighted to welcome Admiral Sir Tony Radakin as the next Chief of the Defence Staff. He's been an outstanding military leader as First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff and I have every confidence he will be exceptional in his new role. 1/2We are a step closer to eradicating malaria which kills thousands of children each year.  Fantastic to hear that the @WHO have approved a vaccine that will help protect children in Africa from this disease.By 2035, UK electricity will be carbon-free, using sources like @DoggerBankWind, which is set to be the world's largest offshore wind farm. Join me in signing one of @SSE's magnificent wind turbines to call for ambitious global climate action at @COP26:What a fantastic Conference! Were getting on with the job to deliver the peoples priorities. We will seize this moment and together we will #BuildBackBetter.Join me live at #CPC21 as we #BuildBackBetter.Taking action. Making the tough decisions. And getting on with the job. This is how we will #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic.  Watch my speech to #CPC21 live at 11:30AM.We are the party of law and order. #BuildBackBetterHugely welcome news that this new treatment for sickle cell disease the first in 20 years is now available on the NHS, saving and improving the lives of thousands of patients in England who suffer from this disease.#BuildBackBetter#BuildBackBetterWere getting on with the job of building back better from this pandemic: a stronger economy where everyone is empowered to reach their full potential. Our Plan for Jobs is working, and were expanding with a 500m package to help people back into work. #BuildBackBetterWe are the party of opportunity. #BuildBackBetterI am very saddened to learn of the death of Major General Matt Holmes. My thoughts are with Matt's family and friends at this difficult time, as well as the Royal Marines and Royal Navy who I know will feel this loss keenly.@kishida230Congratulations to Fumio Kishida @kishida230 on being sworn in as Prime Minister of Japan. Japan is one of our closest strategic partners and I look forward to working closely together on our shared priorities; from climate change to defence and boosting trade.The @HideOut_YZ does a fantastic job of providing a safe and inspiring environment for young people in Manchester. Were putting children and young people at the heart of our plans to #BuildBackBetter.#BuildBackBetterI met some incredible young people at the HideOut Youth Zone in Manchester today, which does a fantastic job of providing a safe and inspiring environment. Were boosting volunteering projects and putting children and young people at the heart of our plans to #BuildBackBetter.Were taking action on illegitimate protestors who are unfairly blocking motorways and disrupting peoples lives. Were giving the police the measures to stop them, with protesters facing six months in jail, or unlimited fines.We are levelling up across the UK. #BuildBackBetter.@EmmaRaducanu has shown that by combining hard work, skill and determination, there is no limit to what young people can achieve. Were introducing new funding for tennis facilities and improving school sports facilities as part of our plan to level up across the UK.The right to protest is sacrosanct but there is no right to inflict chaos & misery on people trying to go about their lives. We stand with the law-abiding majority & will ensure the toughest penalties for criminals who bring major roads to a standstill.Thanks to the vaccine roll out, were the most open economy in Europe, and set to have the fastest growth in the G7.  Im thrilled that Pfizer will manufacture vaccines in the UK, bringing hundreds of jobs and helping to deliver vaccines to millions of people around the world.Were taking action to bust the backlogs by creating 44 new NHS Diagnostic Hubs. These one stop shops will provide all the scans, tests and procedures that people need. Were getting on with the job as we invest in the peoples priorities and #BuildBackBetter.The diggers have been whirring into action, transforming this site in Leeds into an incredible new hospital.  Were getting on with the job of building 48 new hospitals in England, investing in the peoples priorities as we #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic.We are the party of the NHS. #BuildBackBetter4/4 Weve seen positive progress so far, but it isnt enough. I look forward to meeting with leaders from big emitters to climate vulnerable nations to make sure #COP26 counts.3/4 That means bold commitments on coal, cars, cash and trees: to drive forward our green industrial revolution with clean energy and electric vehicles, close the gap on the climate finance promised to developing nations, and halt devastating deforestation.2/4 We need everyone to bring their ambition and action, so we can limit rising temperatures and set the world on the right path to net zero emissions.THREAD: 1/4 We are fast-approaching a critical moment for our planet and our people, when in just one months time world leaders will gather in Glasgow for the long-awaited @COP26 climate summit.I am proud to lead a country celebrated for its dynamism and diversity, where every day Black Britons are making history.  #BlackHistoryMonth #TransformingTodayGreat to address young climate activists at the #Youth4Climate conference alongside PM Mario Draghi.  Young people have the greatest stake in the future of our planet. With their passion and drive, we can make #COP26 the beginning of the end of climate change.In one months time at the @COP26 climate summit in Glasgow we need world leaders to be ambitious and take action. That means bold commitments on coal, cars, cash and trees to limit temperature increase to 1.5 degrees and set the world on the path to net zero emissions.3/ No woman should have to fear harassment or violence. We will do everything possible to prevent these abhorrent crimes and keep our communities safe.2/ Our police are there to protect us and I know that officers will share in our shock and devastation at the total betrayal of this duty. People must be able to walk on our streets without fear of harm and with full confidence that the police are there to keep them safe.1/ There are no words that adequately express the horror of Sarahs murder. Like the rest of the country I have been sickened by what we have heard over the course of this sentencing and the pain and suffering endured by her family and friends is truly unimaginable.Very sorry to hear of the death of Roger Hunt, a legendary goalscorer and member of the magnificent '66 squad who took England to World Cup victory. My thoughts are with his family, friends and many fans.I'd urge everyone to go about their business in the normal way and fill up only when you really need it.Its 75 years since the foundation of the National Blood Transfusion Service, and in that time selfless blood donors have both saved and improved the lives of so many people in their hour of need. Id encourage everyone who can to become a blood donor. It really is lifesaving.No words can adequately do justice to the debt we as a nation owe fallen police officers.  Without their dedication and willingness to run toward danger we simply would not be able to live our lives in safety and security. Its something we must never take for granted.  #NPMD21We must restore the natural balance of our environment & reverse the loss of trees and biodiversity by 2030.  That's why we're committed to beautifying the landscape and strengthening our protection against flooding by trebling tree-planting rates by the end of this Parliament.My thoughts are with the family and friends of Sabina Nessa at this deeply distressing time and I will be thinking of them tonight as people come together to pay their respects.  We will do everything we can to prevent these abhorrent crimes and make our streets safer.Grab yourself a mug and support @macmillancancer's Coffee Morning. They're a brilliant charity who do so much to help those living with cancer. Remember #GiftAid applies to donations made. Get involved here:  #MacmillanCoffeeMorningA green economy does not have to be a poor economy. As we approach @COP26 we have a chance to save ourselves from the threat of climate change, and also to make investments that will create more jobs, growth and opportunities in the future. #UNGAWe are approaching that critical turning point when we must show that we are capable of finally taking responsibility for the destruction we are inflicting on our planet, and ourselves. Read my speech at the @UN General Assembly   @COP26 | #UNGAThe UK and the US have fought bravely together to defend our people and our values. We are forever grateful to those who made the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe and protect our way of life.The relationship between the UK and the US is vital to confronting the great challenges of the 21st century. Working with @POTUS we will advance our shared vision of a greener global economy and preserving freedom and democracy around the world.Great to catch up with @ScottMorrisonMP in Washington DC.  The UK and Australia are natural allies and we will continue to work together to defend our values and improve the prosperity of our people.Thank you for the warm welcome @SpeakerPelosi!Its fantastic to see Londoners flocking to the new Northern line extension. As mayor I saw the diggers whir into action, shifting thousands of tonnes of earth to turn an iconic industrial area into a dynamic place to live and work.The UK-US partnership is vital as we face the challenges of the future. @POTUS and I will continue to work together to #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic, tackle climate change and strengthen our security partnership.The UK and US are staunch allies and the closest of partners. We will stand side-by-side to protect our people and defend our values around the world.A pleasure to meet @VP Kamala Harris. The partnership between our two countries is absolutely vital as we #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic.Congratulations @JustinTrudeau on your re-election. The UK and Canada are great friends and partners and I look forward to us working closely together in the years ahead.On the way to the @WhiteHouse!Fantastic that @POTUS has confirmed the United States will double the cash it spends to help vulnerable countries tackle climate change. The UK and the US are leading the fight to protect our planet this is exactly the momentum we need ahead of @COP26.Future generations will judge us on our actions in the coming months. We must not fail them. @COP26 | #UNGARich nations have reaped the benefits of pollution for generations. We have a duty to help developing countries grow their economies in a green and sustainable way. Im calling on leaders to meet our $100bn pledge to the worlds poorest. #UNGAI am delighted that from November, @POTUS is reinstating transatlantic travel so fully vaccinated UK nationals can visit the USA. Its a fantastic boost for business and trade, and great that family and friends on both sides of the pond can be reunited once again.This week at #UNGA I will be making the case that a global recovery from the pandemic must be rooted in green growth. We only have a short time left. World leaders must deliver on their climate commitments ahead of @COP26. #BuildBackBetterIt was an honour to present the Groundbreaking Discovery #WhoCaresWins award to the brilliant Oxford vaccine team. Faced with the greatest challenge of our times, these incredible scientists helped us carry out one of the most successful vaccination programmes in the world.Our heroic NHS staff have done an incredible job throughout the pandemic. @TheSuns #WhoCaresWins awards are a great way to thank the extraordinary men and women of our NHS, who have worked tirelessly providing care and saving lives.Sad to hear the news about Jimmy Greaves. He will be remembered as a goalscoring legend and one of the greats of English football. My thoughts are with his family, friends and fans.There are just two weeks to go until Conservative Party Conference.  Join me as we set out how we will continue to rebuild from the pandemic and deliver on the people's priorities.  Follow @Conservatives throughout #CPC21 to find out how were going to #BuildBackBetter.The Great Big Green Week encourages communities across the country to celebrate nature and take action against climate change.  Both in your community, and globally at @COP26, we want to see ambitious and bold action against climate change to preserve and protect our planet.Fantastic to go back to Hillingdon Hospital for an update on the redevelopment plans, and to meet the incredible and hard-working NHS staff. Were delivering on our commitment to build 40 new hospitals by 2030, ensuring our brilliant NHS can give patients the best possible care.Fantastic to welcome @MinPres Mark Rutte to Downing Street today and reaffirm the longstanding partnership between the UK and the Netherlands as #NorthSeaNeighbours, NATO allies and firm friends.  Hartelijk dank voor je bezoek, Mark!This Cabinet and this government is getting on with delivering for the people of this countryBritish businesses are the driving force behind our economy; creating jobs, supporting skills and generating new ideas.  Id like to encourage British businesses to apply for the prestigious Queens Award for Enterprise, which recognise their outstanding achievements.The UK and the UAE share a long and rich history, but His Highness @MohamedBinZayed and I are focused on the future. Our two countries are working together to harness the technologies of the future to address climate change and deliver prosperity for our people.The UK, Australia and the USA are forming a new trilateral defence partnership that will preserve security and stability around the world. It will also create hundreds of high-skilled jobs across the country, driving forward our levelling up agenda. #AUKUSThe Cabinet I have appointed today will work tirelessly to unite and level up the whole country.  We will build back better from the pandemic and deliver on your priorities.  Now lets get on with the job.6/ COVID-19 is still out there. The disease remains a risk. But Im confident we can keep going with our plan and protect the gains we have made together.  I encourage anyone who has yet to have a vaccine to do so.5/ It is difficult to predict the path of the virus, so we have a Plan B prepared to protect the NHS if necessary.4/ The NHS will continue to get the support it needs, with an extra 5.4bn in England for the next six months alone. This is in addition to 36bn over the next three years. And we are helping to vaccinate the world with 100 million doses for developing countries by next June.3/ We will continue to identify and isolate positive cases to limit transmission, and advise people on how to protect themselves and others.2/ Vaccines remain the first line of our defence. They have proved highly effective, preventing over 24 million infections and 112,300 deaths. Booster jabs will be offered to those in priority groups 1-9 to increase immunity among the most vulnerable.1/ The pandemic is far from over, but thanks to our phenomenal vaccine programme, new treatments and testing, we are able to live with the virus without significant restrictions on our freedoms. Our autumn and winter plan sets out how we will manage COVID-19.Great to meet smart energy apprentices at @BritishGas this morning. Our #PlanForJobs invests in young people and gives them the high-tech skills they need for the careers of the future.Early diagnosis is critical to beating cancer.  The NHS's world-leading trial of a potentially life-saving blood test that detects cancer before symptoms appear could be revolutionary in our battle against a disease that claims the lives of so many.Our #PlanForJobs is working. Unemployment is falling. The economy is recovering. We will continue to support people into work, ensure they get the skills they need to get good jobs and help businesses fill their vacancies.This summer, our @TeamGB and @ParalympicsGB athletes have showcased the very best of our country with sportsmanship, hard work and determination. They've demonstrated the true British spirit that means when we put our minds to it, there is no limit to what we can achieve.What a sensational match! Huge congratulations to @EmmaRaducanu  You showed extraordinary skill, poise and guts and we are all hugely proud of you. #USOpenToday we remember the 2,977 people taken from us on September 11th 2001. But while the terrorists imposed their burden of grief and suffering, we can now say with the perspective of 20 years that they failed to shake our belief in freedom and democracy.Excellent discussion with Chilean President @sebastianpinera at Downing Street today. As Chile passes the baton of the @COP26 Presidency to the UK, I look forward to continuing to work together to drive forward ambitious climate action ahead of Novembers summit.Today is #WorldSuicidePreventionDay. For help and support, visit:Its fantastic that our NHS has secured early access to the breakthrough, life-saving cancer drug Sotorasib, initially for lung cancer. This drug can stop tumour growth, making a huge difference to patients and boosting our efforts to get people the treatment they need.Well done @EmmaRaducanu for a brilliant win at the #USOpen. The whole country will be cheering you on in the final.Were accelerating the transition to zero-emission vehicles. As we mark World EV Day, its fantastic to see our bold and innovative plans in action across government and industry to make it easier for people to go electric and get the country building back greener.On #999Day, we honour those who work & volunteer to keep us safe and well, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  In the last 18 months emergency services have faced unprecedented challenges.  I know I speak on behalf of the whole country when I say thank you, we are immensely proud.A phenomenal win by @EmmaRaducanu to reach the #USOpen semi-finals. Best of luck in tonight's match, we are all behind you!We will do what is right, reasonable and fair, well make up the COVID backlogs, well fund more nurses and, I hope, we will remove the anxiety of millions of families up and down the land by taking forward reforms that have been delayed for far too long.Our mission is to tackle the NHS COVID backlogs and fix social care at the same time.  That's what this levy will do this is the right, reasonable, and responsible course of action.3: Together we will build back better from the pandemic and make sure we have a health and social care system fit for the future.2: With a new UK-wide NHS and Social Care Levy, well be able to tackle the COVID backlogs, increase hospital capacity and ensure that no-one will ever again live with the fear of losing everything to pay for the costs of their care.1: As we repair the damage of the pandemic, we need to protect our NHS and address the problems in social care that successive governments have ducked for decades. Were taking necessary, responsible and fair action to protect our NHS and ensure dignity and security in old age.WATCH LIVE: Press conference on health and the future of social careWATCH LIVE: I set out our plan for Health and Social Care.4: We will build back better from the pandemic and ensure that we have a health and care system fit for the future. Our NHS remains the pride of the United Kingdom, and we will continue to make sure it is the envy of the world.3: So I will set out how we will support the NHS in the biggest catch-up programme in its history. I will also set out a plan for social care to ensure that older people get the best possible care, without the fear or anxiety of catastrophic social care costs.2: The NHS heroically treated over half a million COVID patients and administered more than 91 million vaccines. But the inevitable result of this extraordinary effort is that COVID has caused mounting backlogs and the number of patients needing care is at a record high.1: The NHS cared for us when we needed it most, during the worst pandemic in a century. Today I will set out my plan to ensure the NHS has the long term funding it needs so that we can help our NHS as it helped us.Those who served in Afghanistan fulfilled the first duty of the British Armed Forces - to keep our people safe - and they and their families should take pride in everything they did. We will do right by our veteransWATCH LIVE: my statement on AfghanistanWishing Jewish people everywhere a good and sweet new year. Shana Tova!#Tokyo2020 @TeamGB @ParalympicsGBI would like to thank the Japanese people for playing such fantastic hosts to our Olympic and Paralympic teams this summer. The challenges of COVID have not been easy, but you have brought people and nations together and inspired millions to get active. Thank you!It's been a history-making Games for @ParalympicsGB, who reached the podium in more sports than any other nation.  124 medals, 41 golds and second in the medal count.  Thank you for inspiring us. #ImpossibleToIgnoreOur Armed Forces stand ready to defend the UK and advance our objectives at home and abroad. Im deeply grateful to all who serve they represent the very best of this countryIt is completely unacceptable that @England players were racially abused in Hungary last night.  I urge @FIFAcom to take strong action against those responsible to ensure that this kind of disgraceful behaviour is eradicated from the game for good.The courage and professionalism of our Armed Forces was on full display during the evacuation operation in Afghanistan, which lifted 15,000 people to safety. They are the best of the bestRacing into the record books congratulations @DameSarahStorey!Delighted @NHSEngland have struck a deal on this game-changing cholesterol drug. Not only will it benefit hundreds of thousands of patients by preventing heart attacks and strokes, but it is also another example of Britain as a life sciences superpower.Our country has a proud history of helping those in need. We will prove that once again through our support for the Afghan people weve welcomed to the UK.@JBrokenshire @GSTTnhs So sorry to hear James. Our thoughts are with you and your family, and we hope you recover soon.Tonights UN Security Council resolution, led by the UK with our allies, makes clear that the international community stands with Afghans. There can be no return to repression or terror. We will push as one voice for safe passage, humanitarian access & respect for human rights.My letter to all those who served in Afghanistan. Whether you are still serving or a veteran, a loved-one, a relation or a friend, you all played your part and you should feel immense pride.On the end of military operations in Afghanistan.Operation PITTING is a mission unlike anything we have seen in our lifetime, helping 15,000 people to safety in just under two weeks.  I want to thank everyone involved and the thousands of those who served over the last two decades. You can be proud of what you have achieved.This has been an operation of unprecedented pace and scale. Thank you for everyone who has contributed to the amazing effort.The tragic loss of two UK nationals and the child of a UK national underlines the urgency of our evacuation effort and the bravery of everyone involved. We will continue to move heaven and earth to get people out and to safety.The UK has always been a generous and compassionate country, and Im proud of how our officials, Armed Forces, charities and local communities have responded in the last few weeks to the situation in Afghanistan.Operation PITTING has been evacuating people from Afghanistan at an unprecedented scale and pace.  Thank you to everyone involved in this operation. We continue to do everything we can to help those to whom we owe a debt of honour.I utterly condemn the barbaric terrorist attack in Kabul in which Afghans and members of the US military lost their lives. The threat of terrorist attack is one of the constraints weve been operating under, but our evacuation effort continues with over 12,000 extracted so far.An incredible achievement. Congratulations @DameSarahStorey!I'm very proud of our incredible Armed Forces who are working flat out to support the evacuation operation in Kabul.Today the @G7 committed to work together on the immediate evacuation effort to ensure this continues safely. We also agreed we must have a shared roadmap for engaging with the Taliban that aims to preserve the progress of the last 20 years.Good luck to our brilliant and inspirational Paralympians!I want to wish our brilliant Paralympians the very best of luck as the Tokyo Paralympic Games kick off today. Were all willing you on. Go for Gold @ParalympicsGB!We will continue to use every humanitarian and diplomatic lever to safeguard human rights and the gains made in Afghanistan over the last two decades. The Taliban will be judged by their deeds and not their words.Today I will hold an emergency @G7 meeting to coordinate our response to the crisis in Afghanistan. I will ask our friends and allies to stand by the Afghan people and step up support for refugees and humanitarian aid.Young people continue to be hospitalised with COVID-19. Many of those becoming seriously ill are unvaccinated. If you haven't done so already, please get your jabs as soon as you can.I will convene G7 leaders on Tuesday for urgent talks on the situation in Afghanistan. It is vital that the international community works together to ensure safe evacuations, prevent a humanitarian crisis and support the Afghan people to secure the gains of the last 20 years.An update on the situation in Afghanistan.Today I met a few of the Afghan former staff who have been resettled in the UK with their families. They worked side-by-side with us and we stood by them and ensured their safety. We're working tirelessly to help those in the country to whom we owe a debt of obligation.We owe the brave people who worked side-by-side with us in Afghanistan a debt of gratitude. Im proud to see our resettlement scheme welcoming Afghans safely to our shores. Were working to get as many people out of Afghanistan as possible in the coming days.Good news that @MHRAgovuk has approved the first therapeutic treatment designed specifically for COVID-19.  Alongside our life-saving vaccine programme, this will be an important weapon in fighting COVID, particularly for those who are immunocompromised.We must help the people of Afghanistan choose the best of all their possible futures. That is the critical task on which this government working alongside our friends and partners around the world is now urgently engaged.We have an enduring commitment to the Afghan people, and we will honour it. A new resettlement scheme will create a safe and legal route for those in most need to come and live safely in the UK.Today's jobs figures are encouraging, showing signs of recovery across the country with employment up and unemployment down. There is still work to do but our #PlanForJobs will give people the skills and experience they need to get back into work.An update on the situation in Afghanistan.On #VJDay76 we honour and remember the many British, Commonwealth and Allied personnel who served in the Far East and Pacific, often in unthinkable conditions.  They fought for freedom, brought the Second World War to an end and restored peace and prosperity to the world.It was a pleasure to visit the @RAFMuseum this week, where I was shown the medals awarded to my grandfather Wilfred for his service in the Second World War.  The bravery and sacrifice of the wartime generation will never be forgotten.On the fourth anniversary of Anoosheh Ashooris wrongful detention in Iran, I reiterate my call for Iran to do the right thing and release him immediately. Anoosheh and the other British nationals unjustly imprisoned in Iran must be able to return to their families in the UK.Thanks to UK donations, 3 million of the worlds most vulnerable will now have access to Covid vaccinations.  They join over 1 billion people around the world who have been protected by the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine.  The UK will continue to be a leading supporter of COVAX.My thoughts are with the friends and family of those who lost their lives and with all those affected by the tragic incident in Plymouth last night. I thank the emergency services for their response.Fantastic that 70% of adults under 30 have come forward to get vaccinated. Please get your jab if you haven't already. It is our best route to beating the virus and getting back to the things we love.Encouraging economic growth figures this morning.  There will be challenges ahead, but our successful vaccination programme and #PlanForJobs combined with the strength and resilience of the British people puts the UK in a strong position as we #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic.A massive congratulations to everyone who is receiving their GCSE results today.Inspiring to see the @RevivalOcean 2020 team cross the finish line of their epic 3,700 mile row from New York to London. You've done this country proud and raised huge funds for @oceangen_ and @theRMcharity in the process. Congratulations.Our incredible vaccine rollout has now provided protection to 3/4 of UK adults.  We should be proud of this huge national achievement. Its vital those who havent been vaccinated book their jab to protect themselves, their loved ones and allow us to enjoy our freedoms safely.Congratulations to everyone receiving their A-level results today.  Its been an extremely challenging year and you should all be very proud of what youve achieved.  And as you move to this exciting next stage, make sure you remember to get your jab.The @IPCC_CH report couldnt be clearer: humans are causing potentially catastrophic climate change. The world must act together @COP26 to avoid incalculable damage in the future.2@TeamGB #Tokyo2020I would like to thank the people of Japan for hosting @TeamGB and the world these past 2 weeks. You have shown, even in the most challenging of times, the power of sport and the Olympic movement in bringing people and nations togetherA message to our fantastic @TeamGB OlympiansYes Lauren! Very well done. What a brilliant Games for British boxing.This is magnificent. Jason Kenny the greatest British Olympian ever.It's been fantastic to watch the mighty British and Irish @LionsOfficial team battle the @Springboks during their tour of South Africa. We're all behind you in your final test of the series drive for the line Lions!.@TeamGB taking Olympic gold in both men's and women's modern pentathlon is an incredible achievement. Joe Choong and Kate French you've made us very proud!Just brilliant. Fantastic job Galal!The @BritishArmy is the finest in the world.I welcome the universal @G7 condemnation of Iran's attack on the MV Mercer Street. This was a clear and outrageous violation of international law and the UK will continue to work with our allies to protect lives and uphold freedom of navigation.It was an honour to address the graduates of @RMASandhurst today. Im proud of you. The whole nation is proud of you.  The country knows that we can rely on the men and women of the @BritishArmy and the leadership that has been acquired here at Sandhurst to keep us safe.A phenomenal Friday of sport in Tokyo, with many great medal wins for @TeamGB. Hugely inspirational to see Laura Kenny making history as the first British woman to win gold at three Olympic Games. Very well done all!British farmers go above and beyond around the clock to keep the nation fed. This #Farm24 I want to thank them and recognise the extraordinary contribution they make every day to this country.  They will always have my support.It was a pleasure to visit @PoliceScotland's headquarters at Tulliallan Castle yesterday. The police play a vital role in protecting the public and it was great to see first hand how they are preparing for the challenge of policing @COP26 in November this year.Another fantastic performance from @TeamGB.  Brilliant golds in womens sailing and individual showjumping.  Silver and bronze in boxing and it was fantastic to see history being made by our youngest ever Olympic medallist Sky Brown, taking bronze in skateboarding.I want to thank @PoliceScotland and forces right across the UK for their work throughout this pandemic. Together they are tackling serious crime and keeping our streets safe.Thank you to each and every one of our brilliant transport workers who have kept the country moving throughout the last 18 months.A quick message to our brilliant @TeamGB athletes in Tokyo.It was a great honour to welcome the very courageous @Tsihanouskaya to Downing Street today.  The United Kingdom stands with her and the Belarusian people in supporting democracy, human rights and the rule of law in Belarus.Brilliant performance from @TeamGB, sailing away with two gold medals and a silver.  #TeamGB #Tokyo2020It was fantastic to visit Airbus in Stevenage today. They play a vital role in our defence and space capabilities, creating high-skilled jobs across the UK and putting rocket boosters behind our economy to help us build back better.Congratulations to @TeamGB on winning their first gold medal in team eventing since 1972, and well done to @TomMcEwen1 and Toledo de Kerser for taking silver in the individual eventing.  #TeamGB #Tokyo2020This investment from @Blackstone is excellent news for for the people of Hertfordshire and for the UKs film and TV industry as a whole. The creative industries are at the heart of our plans to #BuildBackBetter.Congratulations @maxwhitlock1! Another fantastic result for @TeamGB. #TeamGB #Tokyo2020Huge congratulations to @TeamGB for their world record-breaking win in the pool and win in the triathlon mixed relay. Fantastic!  #Tokyo2020 #TeamGBCongratulations to Beth Shriever on winning @TeamGBs first ever gold in BMX racing, and well done to Kye Whyte for taking silver.  #TeamGB #Tokyo2020It is very welcome news that the UK Holocaust Memorial and Learning Centre has been granted planning permission.  We have a duty to ensure that the Holocaust is never forgotten and that it will continue to be taught to future generations.Education is the single best thing you can do to fix the problems of humanity.  I am proud we have raised $4 billion for @GPforEducation to transform the lives of millions of children around the world as we #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic. #GES2021Today the world has come together to invest in young people and their future. Education is the wellspring of opportunity and the best way to #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic. Thank you to everyone who has made the Global Education Summit a success. #GES2021One billion doses of the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine have now been supplied to 170 countries. This British vaccine, distributed at cost, is saving lives across the globe. Together we can vaccinate the world by the end of next year and build back better from coronavirus.Now is the time to put education first. At the Global Education Summit we are making the case for investing in young people around the world as one of the best ways to bounce back from the pandemic. #GES2021 #FundEducation #BuildBackBetterImproving education is the best way for countries to #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic. At today's Global Education Summit, Ill be urging leaders to #FundEducation so young people around the world get the opportunities they deserve. @GPforEducation #GES2021It was a pleasure to meet with President Kenyatta today.  The UK and Kenya share a long and rich history, but this is a relationship focused on the future boosting economic growth, tackling climate change and getting millions more children into school around the world.Our new National Disability Strategy is a clear plan to build back better and fairer for disabled people.  This strategy is the down payment to level up the country for everyone.Delighted Amanda Pritchard has been appointed as the new NHS Chief Executive, the first woman in the NHS's history to hold the post. I look forward to working closely with her. I want to thank Lord Stevens for his dedicated leadership of the NHS for the past seven years.It takes a very special kind of person to be a police officer dedicated, selfless and willing to run towards danger.  This magnificent memorial will stand for centuries to commemorate the men and women who together form the finest police force in the world.Were now almost halfway to our target of recruiting 20,000 new police officers by 2023.  Want to join them?Another brilliant performance from the @TeamGB swimming team. Well done!  #TeamGB #Tokyo2020Every crime matters, every victim matters, and every neighbourhood matters. Our #BeatingCrimePlan will give everyone the confidence that comes from having a safe street and safe home.Good signs that our economy is bouncing back faster than expected, with the UK forecast to have the joint highest growth rate in the G7. There are still challenges ahead and we are focused on supporting people through our #PlanForJobs.Great to visit Surrey Police HQ with @PritiPatel this morning. Weve set out a #BeatingCrimePlan the most comprehensive strategy of its kind to cut crime, protect victims and make streets safer.@wesstreeting This is great news Wes.Another fantastic performance from @TeamGB in the pool! Well done @tomdean00 @Dunks_Scott on winning gold and silver in the 200m freestyle. #TeamGB #Tokyo2020This #MagicMonday of British sport is a reminder of how far weve come. Todays medals are years in the making and the product of hard work, brilliant training and investment in UK sport.  It's transformed @TeamGB into the inspiring force of sporting excellence that it is today.Earlier this month I saw for myself how @Nissan are playing a pivotal role in our electric vehicle revolution and creating green jobs. Today's announcement is another great vote of confidence in the UK and our highly-skilled workers in the North East.My thoughts are with everyone affected by the flooding in London and the South East. A huge thank you to the emergency services and volunteers helping families and businesses through this difficult time. For the latest information and flood warnings visitGolds in the pool for Adam Peaty, Tom Daley and Matty Lee and another for mountain biker Tom Pidcock! What a fantastic day for @TeamGB and British sport! #TeamGBHuge congratulations to @Adam_Peaty on winning @TeamGBs first gold and making history by successfully defending his Olympic title. #TeamGBMaking this country safe is the single best and most effective way of levelling up so that young people grow up in safer neighbourhoods everywhere.The very best of luck to the @lionsofficial team as you embark on the first Test of your South Africa tour. #LionsRugbyA fantastic message from @Englands Gareth Southgate, please dont put off getting your jabs, book yours today:The very best of British luck to all our brilliant @TeamGB athletes! Go for gold!Wishing @TeamGB the very best of luck as you get set for the start of the #Tokyo2020 Olympic Games.  I also want to thank our hosts in Japan for the incredible work thats gone into getting the Games ready.  Come on Team GB!Its 100 days until @COP26. Weve got to make a difference now to protect the planet for generations to come..@DeepMinds announcement today with @emblebi demonstrates the very best in UK science powered by AI, they are opening up biological data and research globally that will help accelerate transformative scientific breakthroughs for people around the world.Absolutely fantastic to speak to some of our brilliant @TeamGB athletes in Tokyo ahead of the Opening Ceremony tomorrow.  The whole country is behind you!  #Tokyo2020 #TeamGBOur NHS staff have been heroic throughout the pandemic, providing care and saving lives. To recognise the extraordinary contribution they have made they are receiving a 3% pay rise this year.This pandemic is far from over and that is why it is essential to keep up the system of Test, Trace & Isolate. We will protect crucial services by making sure that a very small number of fully vaccinated, critical workers can leave isolation solely for work.I would like to wish Muslims celebrating here in the UK and across the world a joyous and blessed Eid al-Adha.  #EidMubarakWATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (19 July 2021)Like so many people I've been pinged by NHS Test and Trace as I have been in contact with someone with COVID-19, and I will be self-isolating until Monday 26th July.It is the mission of this government to unite and level up across the whole United Kingdom.Shocking to see the devastating flooding across Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Belgium. My thoughts are with the families of the victims and all those affected. The UK is ready to provide any support needed in the rescue and recovery effort.WATCH LIVE: My speech on levelling up the UK.We are working closely with the football authorities and the police to ensure we can track and take action against online abusers and will ban them from football grounds in the same way we would if they had committed these offences on our streets.No one should have to face bullying, especially children.  Last night I heard from some inspiring young people about how they #SpeakOutAboutBullying  If youre a parent, carer or teacher find out what you can do to help:Barely 8 months since the first vaccine, 2/3 of UK adults have had both doses.  Thank you to everyone coming forward and to those helping others get jabbed. You are the reason we are able to cautiously ease restrictions next week.  If youre over 18, book both your jabs now.Thousands of young people experience bullying every day. No one should have to face it alone.  If youre a parent, carer or teacher find out what you can do to help:  #SpeakOutAboutBullyingI cannot say this powerfully or emphatically enough this pandemic is not over. It is only thanks to the vaccine programme that we are able to take these cautious steps now. But to take these steps we must be cautious and we must be vaccinated.  Please get that jab.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (12 July 2021)This England team deserve to be lauded as heroes, not racially abused on social media. Those responsible for this appalling abuse should be ashamed of themselves.That was a heartbreaking result to end #Euro2020 but Gareth Southgate and his @England squad played like heroes. They have done the nation proud and deserve great creditThis team has already made history and lifted the spirits of the country. Tonight, they can lift the trophy too.  On behalf of the entire nation, good luck @England and bring it home!Were all hoping you can go one better and bring it home tonight @England.  Footballs coming home!Fantastic to meet Max who has raised an enormous amount of money for some very worthy causes by sleeping in his tent for over a year now.  Thank you for inspiring young people all over the country to raise money for the children who need it the most.  Extraordinary work!Great to speak to young people launching their careers in green energy through apprenticeships and the Kickstart Scheme at the @BulbUK HQ this morning.It was fantastic to visit green energy provider @BulbUK today, speaking to young people starting their careers thanks to the Governments 2 billion Kickstart scheme.  I am determined every corner of the UK benefits from our #PlanForJobs.Tonight @England played their hearts out. What a fantastic performance from Gareth Southgates squad.  Now to the final. Lets bring it homeWe're behind you @England!I am shocked and saddened at the death of President Mose. Our condolences are with his family and the people of Haiti. This is an abhorrent act and I call for calm at this time.Today marks the 16th anniversary of the 7/7 London bombings. We remember the 52 innocent people who lost their lives and those who were injured, and I pay tribute to the city's emergency services for their heroic response.Today is the day.  Come on England!Fantastic that @Stellantis is opening Europes first factory for the mass-production of electric vehicles here in the UK. Its a huge vote of confidence in our economy and a prime example of the kind of high-skilled, well-paid jobs at the core of our Green Industrial Revolution.As we come to the fourth step, we have to balance the risks the risks of the disease and the risks of continuing with legally enforced restrictions that inevitably take their toll on peoples lives and livelihoods.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (5 July 2021)Congratulations @EmmaRaducanu for reaching the second week at @Wimbledon and for making Championship history. Good luck in your match today. The country is behind you.On its 73rd birthday I want to pay tribute to the NHS and every one of our NHS staff and social care workers, whose compassion and unconquerable love is the beating heart of our United Kingdom.This evening I had the opportunity to meet and thank some of the fantastic people who have gone above and beyond to support others throughout the pandemic, including NHS workers, volunteers and charity leaders.  #ThankYouDayAn outstanding performance by @England tonight. We're all behind you for the semi-finals, bring it homeCome on @England!Great to sign a huge @England flag in support of the @FA Respect campaign. Discrimination has no place in football and we want to ensure a fun and inclusive environment for everyone. Good luck to the team today, were right behind you!  #SignYourSupportIt was a pleasure to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel to Chequers this afternoon.  The new joint ventures we have agreed today will leave a legacy that will last for generations.Herzlich Willkommen in Chequers, Frau Bundeskanzlerin!Im looking forward to meeting Angela Merkel later today.  The UK and Germany have a steadfast friendship, and over the last 16 years of her tenure as Chancellor it has been re-energised and re-invigorated for a new era.To those graduating this year, your grit and determination throughout the difficult last 18 months has been truly inspirational.  There is a bright future ahead of us, and I know you are ready to make your mark on it.  My full messageBrilliant to be in Sunderland this morning at @NissanUK. Were accelerating our electric vehicle revolution to #BuildBackGreener..@NissanUK's announcement to build its new generation all-electric vehicle in Sunderland, alongside a new gigafactory from Envision-AESC, is a major vote of confidence in the UK and our highly-skilled workers in the North East.The affinity between the UK and Canada runs deep. We work hand-in-glove across the world as a combined force for good.  To all our Canadian friends, happy Canada Day!Congratulations @J_Donaldson_MP on being ratified as @duponline leader. The UK Government, @BrandonLewis and I look forward to working with you and the Northern Ireland Executive to build back better for the people of Northern Ireland.I urge everyone in Batley & Spen to go and vote for @Stephenson_Ryan. Hell work with me to deliver more jobs, more police and more investment for Batley & Spen. #VoteConservative in Batley & Spen today.This is a country where you can be who you want to be and love whomsoever you want to love. #PrideMonthWell done @England!  Were all behind you bring it home!Come on England!This is great news @NorwichChloe. Looking forward to seeing you return to the green benches very soon!Im shocked at seeing the despicable harassment of Chief Medical Officer Chris Whitty. I condemn the behaviour of these thugs. Our hard-working public servants should not have to face this kind of intimidation on our streets and we will not tolerate it.It was great to be back in Batley & Spen today with our candidate @Stephenson_Ryan. He has a fantastic plan to secure more jobs, deliver more investment and get more police on the streets in Batley & Spen. This Thursday, vote for Ryan Stephenson.Vaccines save lives.  New data shows our vaccination programme has prevented an estimated 7.2 million infections and 27,000 deaths in England alone.  Thank you to everyone involved in this national effort and keep coming forward for both your doses.An inspiring moment at Centre Court today as spectators thanked those who have contributed so much in our fight against COVID-19.  We owe a huge debt of gratitude to those who have saved lives and helped us on the road back to normality.Hugely encouraging to see half of adults under 30 have come forward to get vaccinated just 3 weeks after the programme opened up to those in their 20s. It's a phenomenal national effort and I want to thank everyone involved. Please keep coming forward to get your jabs!Disappointed @Cymru couldn't get the result they needed to progress through to the last eight of #Euro2020 Well done to Rob Page and his squad for some fantastic results in the competition.This #ArmedForcesDay I want to say thank you to our fantastic service personnel at home and abroad. Their tireless work through the pandemic distributing PPE, supporting testing and helping with the vaccine rollout is an inspiration. Im proud to salute our Armed Forces.This #ArmedForcesWeek it was great to spend time with our incredible service personnel.  Our United Kingdom is defended by the finest Armed Forces in the world.The downing of Ukraine International Airlines Flight PS752 was a tragedy that could have been avoided and for which Iran must accept responsibility. I remain committed to working with @JustinTrudeau and others to secure justice for all those killed.I urge you to reach out for support if you need it. @NHSuk services are open, and there are a range of suicide prevention awareness training and online resources available, such as those provided by the @Zer0Suicide, @PAPYRUS_tweets, @samaritans and @storm_cic.Im very proud of our Armed Forces for all that they do to keep us safe. As Prime Minister I will always back them.It was fantastic to visit @foxs_biscuits in Batley, I couldnt resist getting stuck into a Jamncream with our candidate @Stephenson_Ryan. Hell work with me to secure more jobs, more police and more investment for Batley & Spen, so vote for Ryan on 1st July.Pleased to support the first #HolocaustSurvivorDay and to honour the extraordinary contribution of Holocaust survivors to the UK and the world.3 in 5 adults across the UK have received two vaccine doses, vital in providing maximum protection from COVID. Thank you to everyone who has got us this far.  Lets finish the job. Get the jab.Today marks five years since this country voted to leave the European Union.  It has allowed us to take back control of the issues that matter to the people of the United Kingdom.Alan Turing was one of the most innovative and brilliant men of the 20th century. His work cracking the Enigma code helped bring WWII to an end, saving countless lives. Its important to make sure his legacy, which went tragically unacknowledged at the time, isn't forgotten.On #ThankATeacherDay I want to thank Mr Fox and all the brilliant teachers, teaching assistants and education staff who make such a difference in our lives.Huge congratulations to @England on finishing top of the group and joining @Cymru in the last 16 of #Euro2020.  Disappointing that @ScotlandNT couldn't get the result they needed, but Steve Clarke and his players deserve huge credit.On #WindrushDay lets celebrate this amazing generation - and their descendants - who have made such a positive impact on society. Thank you to each and every one of you.Great to visit @MHRAgovuks National Institute for Biological Standards and Control today.  This is a global centre of excellence and just one example of the strengths the UK has to cement its position as a science superpower and in doing so, to level up across the country.Were setting out to restore the UK's place as a scientific superpower while simultaneously driving economic prosperity and addressing the great challenges we face.  Read my @Telegraph article here:Da iawn Cymru, da iawn! Huge congratulations to @Cymru on getting through to the next round of #EURO2020My thoughts are with the family and friends of Joe Ritchie-Bennett, James Furlong and David Wails who lost their lives last year in the cowardly terrorist attack in Reading.  As we remember them on this difficult first anniversary, we remind ourselves that hate will never win.Congratulations to @antonioguterres on his re-election as Secretary-General of the United Nations.  I look forward to continuing to work closely together as we tackle climate change at COP26 and build back better, fairer and greener from the pandemic.As we open up vaccinations to everyone 18+, I want to take a moment to thank our young people.  Youve acted selflessly and sacrificed so much to save others in this pandemic.  Now the end is in sight. Please get your jabs as soon as you can.Offering all adults a jab less than 200 days after the programme launched is one of our countrys greatest collective achievements.  I cannot thank all those involved in this extraordinary, lifesaving national effort enough.  Lets finish the job. Please get your jabs.Saddened to learn of the death of Kenneth Kaunda. We send our deepest condolences and our thoughts are with the people of Zambia at this difficult time.Fantastic news that @GeneralFusion is building a plant in the heart of UK fusion at @CulhamSC! Nuclear fusion is an exciting innovation that could super-charge our efforts to #BuildBackGreener80% of all adults across the UK have now received at least one dose of the vaccine.  Let's keep going. Please book your jabs when you are eligible to do so.The @G7 showed that the worlds democracies are ready and able to address the worlds toughest problems. We have solutions to defeat Covid, minimise the risk of another pandemic, and build back better, fairer and greener, for the benefit of all.Huge congratulations to @Cymru on their first win of #Euro2020. Well done to Robert Page and his squad!Read the report here:Thank you to the Taskforce for Innovation, Growth and Regulatory Reform for their independent report on how the UK can reshape regulation and make best use of our rediscovered freedoms. With ambition & vision, we can usher in a new golden age of growth & innovation across the UK.Today marks five years since the tragic murder of Jo Cox. I want to pay tribute to her memory and my thoughts, along with I'm sure those of the rest of the country, are with all her family and friends.Today marks a new dawn in the UK's relationship with Australia, underpinned by our shared history and common values  Our free trade agreement opens up fantastic opportunities for British businesses and consumers, as well as young people wanting to work and live Down Under.The dedication of our NHS to the people of this country never ceases to inspire me. Thank you for your extraordinary work.Over 30 million people across the UK have now received two doses of the vaccine a hugely impressive achievement.  I want to reiterate the importance of getting both doses to give you maximum protection against COVID. Please book your jabs when you are eligible to do so.Disgraceful to see the hounding of Nick Watt doing his job. The media must be able to report the facts without fear or favour they are the lifeblood of our democracy.The deal is done!Once the adults have been overwhelmingly vaccinated, which is what we can achieve in a short space of time, we will be in a far stronger position to keep hospitalisations down, to live with this disease & to complete our cautious but irreversible roadmap to freedom. 4/4Now is the time to ease off the accelerator because by being cautious now we have the chance in the next four weeks to save many thousands of lives by vaccinating millions more people. 3/4We can give our NHS a few more crucial weeks to get those remaining jabs into the arms of those who need them. And since today I cannot say that we have met all four tests for proceeding with Step 4, I do think it is sensible to wait just a little longer. 2/4We have faced a very difficult choice. We can simply keep going with all of Step 4 on 21 June even though there is a real possibility that the virus will outrun the vaccines and that thousands more deaths would ensue that could otherwise have been avoided. Or... 1/4WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (14 June 2021).@NATO has underpinned the world's stability for over 70 years, protecting a billion people and our way of life. As we build back from the pandemic, I have every confidence it will continue to be the bedrock of global defence for generations to come.  #WeAreNATOToday we remember the 72 lives lost in the Grenfell tragedy four years ago. My thoughts are with the survivors, the bereaved and the wider community affected by this devastating fire. This government is committed to ensuring this never happens again.On behalf of the UK, I offer my congratulations to @naftalibennett and @yairlapid on forming a new government in Israel.  As we emerge from COVID-19, this is an exciting time for the UK and Israel to continue working together to advance peace and prosperity for all.Thank you, Cornwall!  Meur ras, Kernow!As a result of the steps taken at the @G7 this weekend, we will help vaccinate the world against COVID by the end of next year. And together we will build back better, greener and fairer.Congratulations to @England on winning their opening game today! A fantastic start to #Euro2020 for Gareth Southgate and his squad.Im very pleased to announce that @G7 leaders have pledged over 1 billion doses to the worlds poorest countries another big step towards vaccinating the world. This weekend the @G7 came together. And together we are building back better, greener and fairer from the pandemic.WATCH LIVE: my press conference at the @G7 SummitAs Sir David Attenborough says, we have the skills to tackle climate change, but we need the global will. Thats why Im urging @G7 countries to drive a global Green Industrial Revolution to help developing nations reap the benefits of clean growth as we #BuildBackGreener.There is a direct relationship between reducing emissions, restoring nature, creating jobs and ensuring long-term economic growth. The @G7 has an unprecedented opportunity to drive a global Green Industrial Revolution and transform the way we live. #BuildBackGreenerWhat a sight! Thank you to the incredible @RAFRedArrows for an amazing show.Welcome to the @G7!  @ScottMorrisonMP  @moonriver365 @CyrilRamaphosa @AntonioGuterres #G7UKThe #CarbisBayDeclaration marks a proud and historic moment for us all. Under this agreement, the world's leading democracies will commit to preventing a global pandemic from ever happening again, ensuring the devastation caused by COVID-19 is never repeated.The Queens Birthday Honours allow us to pay tribute to all those who have gone above and beyond in their service to this country. We should take heart from the stories of those receiving honours today and be inspired by their courage and kindness.My fellow @G7 leaders and I were honoured to join Her Majesty The Queen and members of the @RoyalFamily at the @EdenProject this evening.  This wonderful place is a showcase for the beauty of the natural world, which we are all committed to preserving for future generations.The best way to lift countries out of poverty and lead a global recovery is to invest in education particularly girls education. The UK will donate 430m to help get children in the classroom, and I'm calling on other countries, including those at the @G7, to play their part.An exciting day for football fans with the kick off of #Euro2020 thousands of supporters will be in the stands at @WembleyStadium and @HampdenPark to watch some of the games unfold.  I want to wish @England, @ScotlandNT and @Cymru all the very best of luck.My message to the @G7: As we recover from the pandemic, we need to make sure we level up across our societies. We need to #BuildBackBetterPleased to welcome the leaders of the @G7 for this years Summit in Carbis Bay, Cornwall. #G7UK #G7Cornwall #BuildBackBetterThis years @G7 Summit will be all about how we #BuildBackBetterAt this @G7 Summit Britain will work alongside our kindred democracies to #BuildBackBetter My article:  #G7UKThe success of our vaccine programme means we can donate at least 100m surplus doses in the next year to those who need them.  I hope my fellow @G7 leaders will make similar pledges so that, together, we can vaccinate the world by the end of next year. #G7UK #BuildBackBetterIt was a pleasure to welcome you to Cornwall Mr President. Together were going to build back better from the pandemic, help to vaccinate the world and make 2021 the decisive moment in the fight against climate change.Eighty years ago Churchill and Roosevelt stood together promising a better future. Today @POTUS Joe Biden and I do the sameFantastic to welcome @POTUS Joe Biden and @FLOTUS Jill Biden to Cornwall with @CarrielbJohnson today. The UK-US partnership is more important than ever as we #BuildBackBetter and greener from the pandemicTogether we will #BuildBackBetterAt the @G7 Ill be urging leaders to cut emissions and preserve our planet. But we all need to be part of this conversation. Schools around the UK can use @COP26s new education packs to help get young people involved:  #TogetherForOurPlanetBritain is blessed with alliances that keep us safe and advance our values, and we are putting all of this to work for the benefit of the British people  My article ahead of my meetings with @POTUS, the @G7 and @NATO:As the world builds back better from coronavirus, Cornwall will lead the way. #G7UK #G7Cornwall #BuildBackBetterIve arrived in Cornwall for this years @G7 where Ill be asking my fellow leaders to rise to the challenge of beating the pandemic and building back better, fairer and greener. It will be a busy and important Summit, and I cant wait to get started. #G7UK6 months. 68,800,879 doses given. 40,573,517 first jabs. 28,227,362 second jabs. 1000s of volunteers. 1 United Kingdom.  Lets finish the job. Please keep coming forward to get vaccinated when its your turn.On #WorldOceansDay and ahead of the @G7 in Carbis Bay, Id like to recognise Steve & Monika for their fantastic work preserving the natural beauty of Cornwalls coastline.  Im proud the UK has protected more than 4.3million sq km of the world's oceans.It was fantastic to visit sunny Chesham and Amersham this morning with our great candidate Peter Fleet. Hell work with me to deliver on the peoples priorities in Chesham and Amersham. Vote for @pdfleet on 17 June.This #CarersWeek I want to take a moment to thank care workers and everyone caring for family, friends and loved ones.  Your selflessness and devotion to helping others is an inspiration to us all.Many congratulations to The Duke & Duchess of Sussex on the birth of their daughter.As General Eisenhower said, when Allied troops landed on Normandys beaches that June morning in 1944 the eyes of the world were upon them. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere marched with them.  77 years on, we thank and remember them. #DDayAt the @G7 next week, I will ask my fellow leaders to help vaccinate the world by the end of next year.  We have a responsibility to do everything we can to defeat COVID around the world.In just six months 40 million people have received at least one dose of the vaccine.  Thank you to everyone who has been instrumental in getting us here. Please keep coming forward for both doses.Great to see Japan and the Republic of Korea sign up to the #LeadersPledge4Nature today, joining our collective efforts to halt biodiversity loss. Next week @G7 well be working with international partners to accelerate action to protect our planet. #WorldEnvironmentDayYou can have prosperity whilst respecting the environment.  Together we can #BuildBackGreener from coronavirus and make 2021 and @COP26 the moment of decisive change in the fight against climate change.  #WorldEnvironmentDayThis #VolunteersWeek, I want to thank all volunteers who have played a vital role throughout the pandemic from supporting the vulnerable during lockdown, to helping rollout the vaccine programme. Your contribution has been invaluable.Second jab done.  When its your turn, get the jab.Half of the UK adult population are now fully vaccinated.Its a remarkable achievement, made possible by every one of youcoming forward. Now letsfinish the job. Whenits your turn, get the jab.Paramedics have worked tirelessly over the past year in some of the toughest circumstances. You are the first on the scene, ready to respond to every situation. Your work saves thousands of lives every day.  The whole country thanks you and salutes you.My thoughts today are with the families of those who lost their lives and all those affected by the cowardly terrorist attack at London Bridge four years ago.  Today, as then, we stand united and resolute against terrorism and the dangerous ideology that inspires it.Wonderful to meet some young guests who were on a special visit to Downing Street this afternoon.  We will do everything we can to support children who have lost learning during the pandemic, with up to 100 million hours of extra tuition.Three-quarters of all UK adults have now had their first dose of the vaccine. Thank you for coming forward and getting your jab. When you get the call, get the jabI know young people have sacrificed so much over the last year.  The 100 million hours of extra tuition we are providing should give parents confidence we are doing everything we can to ensure no child is left behind by the pandemic.The 241 @QueensAwardVS recipients have given time and energy to do everything from supporting those hit hardest by COVID, to preserving our national heritage and coaching the next generation of sporting greats. On behalf of the whole country I want to say a great big thank you.Every step a small business takes on its journey to net zero adds up, unleashing new opportunities. Today I met some brilliant small and micro businesses who are doing just that.  Ahead of @COP26, you can too. Find out more here:  #TogetherForOurPlanetI'm appealing for women of all ages to help us with our Women's Health Strategy.  We know there's a gender gap in our health system, and we are committed to ending it. But we need to hear your views and experiences to do just that.  Have your say here:This is very welcome news and another boost to our hugely successful vaccination programme.  As we encourage everyone to get their jabs, the single-dose Janssen vaccine will play an important role in helping us protect people from the virus.  When you get the call, get the jab.The NHS has been tireless in its heroic work throughout the pandemic. I saw some of that brilliant work today at Colchester Hospital. We will continue to give the NHS the support it needs as we build back better.Sports and exercise are vital for the nations physical and mental health. We are doing everything we can to get @parkrunUK to return as soon as possible.I was delighted to welcome NHS staff from across the UK to Downing Street yesterday. I know how tough the pandemic has been on our NHS, but I want to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart. We wouldnt be where we are today without you.The video of Roman Protasevich makes for deeply distressing viewing. As a journalist and a passionate believer in freedom of speech I call for his immediate release. Belarus' actions will have consequences.60 million vaccine doses have been given to adults across the UK. Jab by jab this life-saving programme, unparalleled in our history, is getting us back to the things we love. Thank you to everyone who has made this happen.  Please get both your vaccines when it's your turn.Thank you to the many scientists and clinicians who have worked on this research, which demonstrates our vaccine programme is effective against this new variant and is saving lives.  Please continue to get both jabs when you get the call.More than 50 million vaccine doses have been given to adults in England. This is a huge milestone in the largest NHS vaccination programme in history, and a fantastic team effort that has saved thousands of lives. Play your part and come forward for your doses when called.Four years on from the tragic attack at the Manchester Arena, my thoughts are with the 22 people who lost their lives, their families, friends and everyone affected. #WeStandTogether united against evil and to remember those lost.Climate change and biodiversity loss are global issues that require global solutions.  Through our Presidency of the @G7 we have led the world's largest economies in a commitment to protect at least 30% of their land and oceans by 2030. Together we can #BuildBackGreenerHMS Queen Elizabeth is a symbol of what can be achieved by investing in British ingenuity. Her maiden voyage this week will project our influence, promote our security and embody our strength and values.This F35 is an incredible example of how were modernising our Armed Forces to make sure theyre ready to face the threats of the future.  It also shows how were driving investment right across the UK, levelling up the country with new technology and new skilled jobs.I welcome news of a ceasefire in Israel and Gaza. Leaders in the region must now work to find a durable solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that prevents terrorism, ends the cycle of violence and delivers a sustainable and just peace.This morning I met with Jewish community leaders. I want to thank Britains Jews for the huge contribution they have made in responding to the pandemic. I stand with them against the shameful antisemitism weve seen in the past few days. It has no place whatsoever in the UK.7 in 10 adults in the UK have now had the first dose of the vaccine. It's a monumental achievement and my thanks go to all the healthcare workers, Armed Forces personnel and volunteers who have made this incredible rollout possible.  Please keep getting your jab when called.Ive invited @DrKaranRajan to answer your vaccine questions  in Downing Street  on my @Snapchat  Tune in on Friday at 1pm:Were getting on with delivering on the issues that really matter to people. That means beating COVID, but also giving our children the best education, revitalising our town centres & addressing the regional imbalance in how this country is run.It was fantastic to see the doctors, nurses and volunteers doing a wonderful job at the Business Design Centre in Islington to make sure people got their jabs safely and quickly. If youre eligible, please book your vaccine and together we can move forward and defeat this virus.6 months ago I set out my 10 point plan for a Green Industrial Revolution. Since then we've set some of the world's most ambitious climate targets & taken steps to boost clean energy, transform industries & create 1000s of new jobs. Climate action = Green jobs #BuildBackGreenerCongratulations to @BeattieDoug on his election as leader of the @uuponline. I look forward to working with him, @BrandonLewis and the wider Executive to build back stronger from COVID-19 and ensure Northern Ireland continues to be a great place to live, work and do business.By sustaining our beautiful countryside for generations to come, the Queens Green Canopy is a fitting tribute to Her Majestys years of service to this country.  I am proud to support this and urge everyone to get involved and plant a tree for the Jubilee. @QGCanopyToday we move forward to Step 3 of our cautious roadmap to freedom.  This is what you need to know20 million people across our United Kingdom have now received two doses of the vaccine, giving them maximum protection against COVID. I want to thank everyone who has been involved in the incredible rollout of this life-saving programme. Please keep coming forward when called.There is no place for antisemitism in our society. Ahead of Shavuot, I stand with Britains Jews who should not have to endure the type of shameful racism we have seen today.I want to congratulate @EdwinPootsmla on his election as leader of the @duponline. People across the UK are best served when we work together, & I look forward to working with him, @BrandonLewis & the wider Executive as we build back stronger for the people of Northern Ireland.WATCH LIVE: an update on COVID-19 (14 May 2021)Good discussions with @MichealMartinTD today. We are both committed to the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement and to addressing the legacy of the Troubles to deliver a brighter future for everyone in Northern Ireland.@wesstreeting Very sorry to hear this,Wes. Sending my best wishes for a full and speedy recovery, and I look forward to seeing you back on the green benches soon.Radio stations across the UK have come together for the #MentalHealthMinute.  It is vital we carry on talking about our mental health and seek help and guidance if we need it.  #MentalHealthAwarenessWeekMaking sure girls get 12 years of quality education is one of the smartest investments we can make as we recover from COVID-19. During our @G7 Presidency Ill be urging the world to take action and prevent a lost pandemic generation.I was delighted to pick a winner for the @G7 art & poetry competition.  It was a tough decision as all the entries were very creative, but I selected Amelia and Ben as winners.  I look forward to seeing their fantastic work displayed at the summit in Cornwall.Fantastic that @BTGroup are rolling out lightning-fast broadband to even more homes. Our broadband revolution will fire up businesses and homes and will be crucial in levelling up and building back better right across the country.#EidMubarak to those celebrating in the UK and around the world.  Muslims make an extraordinary contribution to this country, and while this years celebrations are not as we would want, if we all do our bit and get vaccinated we can look forward to a much happier future.The fight against climate change presents the world with an unparalleled environmental challenge, but it also opens up a vast new sea of economic opportunity. As we build back better, businesses and governments must work together to make sure we build back greener.Id like to thank nurses and healthcare workers who have been the bastion of our NHS.  Their response to the pandemic has been nothing short of extraordinary.  I'm delighted that their work has inspired others to step into the profession.  #InternationalNursesDayI am urging Israel and the Palestinians to step back from the brink and for both sides to show restraint. The UK is deeply concerned by the growing violence and civilian casualties and we want to see an urgent de-escalation of tensions.WATCH LIVE: My statement in the @HouseOfCommons on the #QueensSpeechWe will deliver a national recovery from the pandemic that makes the United Kingdom stronger, healthier and more prosperous than before #QueensSpeechToday we have announced the single biggest step on our roadmap and it will allow us to do many of the things we have yearned to do for a long time.  So let's protect these gains by continuing to exercise caution and commonsense.WATCH LIVE: an update on COVID-19 (10 May 2021)I want to make sure we support our children and young people as we build back better from the pandemic. That's why we're putting more funding into programmes which promote positive wellbeing in schools.Im hugely grateful to Sir David Attenborough for agreeing to be our Peoples Advocate ahead of @COP26.  There is no better person to build momentum for action on climate change and protecting the planet.  #BuildBackGreenerOne third of adults in the UK have now had their second dose of the COVID vaccine, a testament to the extraordinary efforts of NHS staff and volunteers. Thank you to everyone who has made this happen. Get your jab when called.I thank @SteveAikenUUP for his service to the UK throughout his distinguished career in the Royal Navy and as leader of @UUPonline. I understand he will continue to serve the people of South Antrim in the Northern Ireland Assembly and I wish him all the best for the future.I am focused on beating COVID, saving lives and livelihoods and rolling out vaccines, but I am also determined we get on with fulfilling the promises we made to the British people.  In next week's #QueensSpeech we will go further to unite and level upI'd like to wish Sir David Attenborough a very happy 95th birthday.  His championing of the need to protect our planet has inspired millions.  The work continues at @COP26 this year, where we'll urge the world to take action to preserve our environment for future generations.We owe everything we most value to the generation who won the Second World War. Because of their victory 76 years ago millions today live in peace. We remember and salute them.  #VEDayWelcome to the team @Jill4Hartlepool  Its time to get to work to deliver on the peoples priorities.Brilliant to be at the opening of @STWaters new training academy in Coventry. The Kickstart placements and apprenticeships offered here will give young people skills for life. #BuildBackBetterDelighted to visit @STWater today, who are leading the way in building back better from the pandemic by delivering world-class training via our Kickstart scheme. Their brilliant Academy will support young people to gain the skills they need to secure long-term jobs.I'm pleased that the situation in Jersey has been resolved. Thank you to the @RoyalNavy for their swift response. The UK will always stand resolutely by the people of Jersey.Congratulations to everyone selected for the 2021 @LionsOfficial squad.  Make us proud in South Africa.Andy Street is doing an outstanding job as Mayor of the West Midlands, bringing investment and high-skilled jobs to the area. Make sure you vote for @andy4wm today so that he can keep up the brilliant work and take the West Midlands forward.Get out and vote folks! #VoteConservativeI'm urging everyone in Hartlepool to get out and vote for Jill Mortimer today. She's got a fantastic plan for change to take Hartlepool forward. So vote Conservative in Hartlepool today.Its a very big day at the polls today. I hope everybody will go out and vote. Vote for the @Conservatives today.Fantastic to meet Foreign Ministers today for the first in-person meeting of the @G7.  Together through cooperation and our collective will we can defeat this pandemic, tackle climate change and foster economic prosperity for all our nations.Andy Street has done an outstanding job as Mayor of the West Midlands. Hes brilliant at securing investment and bringing high-skilled jobs to the area. So tomorrow, vote for @andy4wm so he can keep up the fantastic work.A vote for the Welsh Conservatives is a vote for change and improvement. They have a brilliant plan to create 65,000 more jobs and invest heavily in transport. Vote @WelshConserv tomorrow.I'm urging everyone in Hartlepool to get out tomorrow and vote for Jill Mortimer.  She's got a plan for change and will work with government and Mayor Ben Houchen to deliver the change Hartlepool needs.Andy Street is doing a brilliant job bringing investment and revolutionising transport in the West Midlands, including these bostin bikes. Make sure you vote for @andy4wm tomorrow.Jill Mortimer has a fantastic plan for Hartlepool. Shell work with me to deliver more quality local jobs, extra investment & more police on the beat.  On Thursday, vote Conservative & deliver the positive change Hartlepool needs.Conservative Mayors across the country such as @andy4wm in the West Midlands are delivering jobs and investment while keeping your taxes low. On Thursday, vote for the Conservatives.Tonight we remember PCSO Julia James.  My thoughts are with her friends and family.Yesterday I visited the fantastic Barry Island with the Welsh Conservatives. They have a great plan to create 65,000 new jobs & bring massive investment in transport infrastructure. So on Thursday, vote for @WelshConservToday @NarendraModi and I spoke about how we can overcome the pandemic and strengthen the ties between our two countries. We agreed an ambitious plan to bring our economies and people closer together the beginning of a new era in the UK-India relationship.Ive been campaigning today with Tees Valley Mayor @BenHouchen. His plan is delivering massive investment and new jobs to the area, including 18,000 good local jobs at the new Freeport. Vote for Ben Houchen on Thursday so he can keep delivering!Thanks to the extraordinary effort of everyone involved, 50 million doses of the COVID-19 vaccine have now been given to people across the United Kingdom.  Please do come forward and get your jab when asked to do so.Labour have taken Hartlepool for granted for 57 years. On Thursday, vote Conservative & deliver the positive change Hartlepool needs. @Jill4Hartlepool has a fantastic plan for Hartlepool. Shell work with me to deliver more local jobs, extra investment & more police on the beat.Thanks to the help and generosity of @boconline, last night a delivery of much-needed oxygen cylinders was sent from the UK to India. We stand by our friends in India during these difficult times.My message on Northern Irelands centenary year.I am deeply moved by the surge of support the British people have provided to the people of India and am pleased the UK Government has been able to play our part in providing life-saving assistance. The UK will always be there for India in its time of need.15 million people across our United Kingdom have received two doses of a COVID vaccine. Thank you to everyone who has made this possible. Please keep coming forward to get your jabs to give yourself maximum protection from the virus.I know how challenging this time has been for those in care homes.  With data continuing to head in the right direction & as restrictions ease, I am pleased that from 4 May residents can now leave their homes to reunite with their loved ones outdoors.Im very grateful to the postmasters who shared their harrowing stories with me yesterday about the terrible impact the Post Office Horizon IT dispute has had on their lives.  We will stand with them to find the answers to what went wrong and ensure this never happens again.If you want to give London a fresh start, if you want safer streets and a mayor who backs the police then vote for @ShaunBaileyUK on Thursday 6th May.On what would have been @CaptainTomMoores 101st birthday, its brilliant to see the nation taking part in #CaptainTom100.  His astonishing life brought hope and joy to millions across the country, and raised an incredible 38.9 million for the NHS.Devastating scenes at the Lag B'Omer festival in Israel. My thoughts are with the Israeli people and those who have lost loved ones in this tragedy.Last night I was delighted to join an Iftar with some of the many Muslim key workers and volunteers who have been helping us in the fight against COVID-19.Its fantastic to see young people back at school and seeing their friends again.  Weve put children and young people at the heart of our recovery plans, and we will continue to give them all our support.I'm proud to say we've recruited 8,771 new police officers in England and Wales, well ahead of our target of 6,000 more officers in the first year of our recruitment drive, and 20,000 over three years.Our brilliant Vaccines Taskforce has secured an extra 60 million doses of the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine. This is fantastic news and an important addition in keeping us protected into the autumn and winter.I want to thank Arlene Foster @DUPleader for her dedication to the people of Northern Ireland over many years. She will continue to play a vital role as First Minister until June and I hope that she stays in public service for years to come.Great news that the European Parliament has voted overwhelmingly in favour of our zero tariffs, zero quotas Trade and Cooperation Agreement.  Now is the time to look forward to a new relationship with the EU and a more Global Britain.Vaccines have saved thousands of lives so far and now this data shows they could also protect others by cutting transmission of the virus which will be crucial in helping us beat the pandemic. I urge everyone to book their jab when called.Dame Cheryl Gillan was a great servant to the people of Chesham & Amersham. She made a huge contribution to our party and country, and we will sorely miss her. My thoughts are with her family and friends.Today I spoke with President Kenyatta @StateHouseKenya ahead of the joint UK-Kenya Global Education Summit. We agreed to work closely together to ensure 175 million more children get into school around the world. Theres a huge amount the and can achieve together.A quarter of UK adults have received 2 doses of a COVID vaccine, giving them maximum protection against the virus.  This is a huge achievement made possible by the tireless work of so many across our country.  Please keep coming forward to get vaccinated when you are called.Fantastic news that 16,500 young people have now started jobs through our Kickstart scheme.  These fully-subsidised placements for 16 to 24-year-olds offer a vital first foot on the jobs ladder.  Find out more about the scheme and how to get involved:Fantastic to be in Wales today, campaigning with our @WelshConserv candidates.  The team have a plan to drive forward Wales' economic recovery, creating 65,000 new, well-paid jobs and investing in infrastructure like the A55. Vote Conservative on May 6th.Iran's decision to sentence Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe to another year in prison is cruel, inhumane and wholly unjustified. She must be allowed to return to her family in the UK and we will continue to do all we can to get her home.We stand side by side with India in the shared fight against COVID-19. Vital medical equipment is on its way from the UK to India to help stop the tragic loss of life from the virus and well continue to work closely with the Indian government during this difficult time.This is the story of the UK vaccine rollout which has already saved thousands of lives. A huge thank you to everyone involved from the scientists, to our NHS, the Armed Forces and the many volunteers.  I urge everyone to take up the jab when youre offered it.Today we pay our respects to the ANZACs who fought at Gallipoli, and remember all those who have fought with courage so that we may live in peace today. Their bravery, fortitude & spirit of mateship live on.  They will not be forgotten. #AnzacDay2021The UK is hosting a Global Education Summit this summer and leading efforts in our @G7 Presidency to get 40 million more girls into school.  I spoke to @Malala this morning about how girls education is one of the smartest investments countries can make as we build back better.This is a landmark achievement by the team at @UniofOxford who developed the COVID-19 vaccine.  Malaria kills hundreds of thousands of children a year. An effective vaccine holds out the possibility of ending this global tragedy.I welcome the Court of Appeal's decision to overturn the convictions of 39 former sub-postmasters in the Horizon dispute, an appalling injustice which has had a devastating impact on these families for years. Lessons should and will be learnt to ensure this never happens again.Happy St. George's Day!The worlds tropical forests are the lungs of our planet and yet were losing these great, teeming ecosystems at an unconscionable rate.  Im pleased the UK is joining this hugely exciting coalition to protect our tropical forests and tackle climate change.Our shared duty is to honour and remember all those, wherever they lived and whatever their background, who laid down their lives for our freedoms at the moment of greatest peril. My statement on the Commonwealth War Graves Commission report.We can build back better from this pandemic by building back greener.  #LeadersClimateSummitLets make this decade the moment of decisive change in the fight against climate change.  My statement at the #LeadersClimateSummit convened by @POTUS:  #BuildBackGreener | @COP26 | #EarthDayWATCH LIVE: My statement at the #LeadersClimateSummit convened by @POTUSThe commitment from @POTUS today to cut US emissions by 50-52% by 2030 is a game-changer. It will have a transformative impact in the global fight against climate change.  I commend the President's leadership and look forward to working together for our planet ahead of @COP26.In supporting #StephenLawrenceDay we are reminded of Stephen's many talents, and our duty to stop racism and give young people the best possible future.  My thoughts are with Stephens parents Doreen and Neville, and the many families that have lost loved ones in their prime.We've reached a significant milestone with 1 in 5 adults now having had two COVID-19 vaccine doses. This is a huge UK-wide effort that has already saved thousands of lives.  Thank you to everyone involved.I would like to send my warm wishes to Her Majesty The Queen on her 95th birthday. I have always had the highest admiration for Her Majesty and her service to this country and the Commonwealth. I am proud to serve as her Prime Minister.I welcome last nights announcement. This is the right result for football fans, clubs, and communities across the country. We must continue to protect our cherished national game.I was appalled by the death of George Floyd and welcome this verdict. My thoughts tonight are with George Floyds family and friends.The decision by Chelsea and Manchester City is if confirmed absolutely the right one and I commend them for it. I hope the other clubs involved in the European Super League will follow their lead.The vaccination programme has shown what the UK can achieve when we bring together our brightest minds.  Our new Antivirals Taskforce will seek to provide another vital defence against any future increase in infections, saving more lives.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (20 April 2021)Were setting the most ambitious target to cut emissions in the world.  We want to see world leaders follow our lead in the run up to @COP26, as we will only build back greener and protect our planet if we come together to take action.Earlier @OliverDowden and I met with representatives from the @FA, @PremierLeague and football fan groups to discuss action against the proposed European Super League.  No action is off the table and we are exploring every possibility to ensure these proposals are stopped.Its fantastic that weve been able to enjoy some more freedoms with family and friends since 12 April. As we continue with our cautious roadmap, please follow the rules and remember hands, face, space and fresh air.Great to be back at the pub again, and to see so many reunited with friends and family.  Weve worked so hard to get to this point. Lets keep going. Remember hands, face, space & fresh air.The clubs involved must answer to their fans and the wider footballing community before taking any further steps. (2/2)Plans for a European Super League would be very damaging for football and we support football authorities in taking action.  They would strike at the heart of the domestic game, and will concern fans across the country. (1/2)In Memoriam HRH The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, 1921-2021.HRH The Duke of Edinburgh incarnated the finest traditions of the @RoyalNavy.  Today I saw cadets become officers at Britannia Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, the college The Duke passed out of prior to his distinguished naval career.  Our thoughts remain with HM The Queen.Happy Vaisakhi to Sikhs in Britain and around the world.  #Vaisakhi signals hope and renewal, and as we look ahead cautiously but optimistically to what the coming months may bring, I want to say a huge thank you to Sikhs for your forbearance and fortitude.Congratulations to @JoeMurphyLondon on a well-earned retirement after a spectacular innings in the lobby.  You were always as fair and as kind as you could be under the circumstances. I wish you all the best for the future.We have hit a hugely significant milestone by offering jabs to everyone in the nine highest risk groups, giving them the protection vaccines provide against COVID-19.  I want to thank everyone involved in the vaccine rollout, which has already saved many thousands of lives.Ramadan Mubarak to all those observing Islams holiest month this year.  Im afraid that again this year it is necessary to follow the rules to stay safe but I hope this month of fast, prayer and charity brings much peace and reflection to all Muslims.Earlier I paid tribute to HRH The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh in the @HouseOfCommons.  The Duke's unstinting service gives us all a model of selflessness and of putting others before ourselves.I spent many happy hours sparring with her on Question Time. She will be much missed. (2/2)Sad to hear about Baroness Shirley Williams, a kind and thoughtful member of the once radical centre left. Even when we disagreed - as we often did - she had the gift of sounding so completely reasonable at all times. (1/2)Yesterday was a record-breaking day with 475,230 people receiving second doses. More than 7 million have now been fully vaccinated.  Thanks to everyone involved in this extraordinary effort which has already saved thousands of lives.Today is ten years since the death of my friend Sir Simon Milton, an outstanding servant of London and of his country. We miss you, Simon.My statement on the death of HRH The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.On the death of HRH The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.The science is clear: vaccines save lives.  New @PHE_UK analysis shows COVID-19 vaccinations have prevented over 10,000 deaths.  Its important that you book your jab when the NHS contacts you.Last night in Truro I saw the outstanding work of doctors and nurses at the Royal Cornwall Hospital. Thank you to the entire team and the whole of our NHS6 million people have now had their second jab. Yesterday over 400,000 second doses were given. A huge thank you to everyone helping to make this happen it is an incredible achievement that has already saved thousands of lives.It was fantastic to meet with businesses in Cornwall to hear how they are preparing to reopen and welcome customers back on Monday. The next stage in our roadmap is a significant step towards reclaiming the freedoms COVID has taken from us.Sad to hear about the loss of Peter Ainsworth - a delightful colleague & passionate about his causes, especially the environment. We shared a corridor & often found ourselves charging late for the division. He has been taken far too young. My thoughts with Claire & their family.I am deeply concerned by the scenes of violence in Northern Ireland, especially attacks on PSNI who are protecting the public and businesses, attacks on a bus driver and the assault of a journalist. The way to resolve differences is through dialogue, not violence or criminality.We set out our roadmap and were sticking to it.  Thanks to your efforts and the vaccine rollout, from Monday we will move to Step Two of our roadmap reopening shops, gyms, hairdressers and outdoor hospitality of all kinds.We will follow todays updated advice, which should allow people of all ages to continue to have full confidence in vaccines, helping us save lives and cautiously return towards normality. 3/3As the regulators have said, this vaccine is safe, effective and has already saved thousands of lives and the vast majority of people should continue to take it when offered. 2/3Thank you @MHRAgovuk and JCVI for your important work looking at the AstraZeneca vaccine, which has updated on the potential for extremely rare side effects. 1/3The Moderna vaccine rollout begins today, starting with Carmarthen in Wales. We have ordered 17 million doses that will be going into arms across the UK in the coming weeks. Please get your jab as soon as you are contacted..@AstraZeneca has been at the heart of our fight against coronavirus, and they are also playing a big part in our efforts to #BuildBackBetter from the pandemic and make the UK a science superpower.Very promising news that the @ValnevaSE vaccine shows a strong immune response and will progress to Phase 3 trials. If it is successful and meets our robust safety standards this vaccine will be manufactured in Scotland, providing a crucial weapon in our battle against COVID.I spoke to President Zelenskyy @ZelenskyyUa this evening regarding our concerns about destabilising Russian military activity on Ukraines border. I reiterated the UKs unwavering support for Ukraines sovereignty and territorial integrity.We set out our roadmap and were sticking to it. It is by being cautious, by monitoring the data at every stage, and by following the rules remembering hands, face, space and fresh air that we hope together to make this roadmap to freedom irreversible.WATCH LIVE: An update on COVID-19 (5 April 2021)Always full of wise advice and good humour, she was much loved on all sides of the House of Commons and will be sorely missed. My sincere condolences to her family and friends. (2/2)Im very sad to hear the news of the death of Dame Cheryl Gillan.  She was a great servant to the people of Chesham and Amersham, to the Conservative Party and to the country as Secretary of State for Wales. (1/2)The arrival of Easter brings with it new hope. And, this year more than ever, it brings the promise of brighter days ahead for us all. So stay safe, keep following the rules, and have a very happy Easter.We've reached another milestone in our vaccination programme with over 5 million people now having had their second jab.  I urge everyone to take up their second dose as soon as they are offered it.This Easter weekend, please remember that outdoors is generally much safer than indoors.  If youre in England and seeing friends and family outside, keep to groups of up to six people or two households.  Lets keep each other safe as we continue with the vaccination rollout.I answered some of your questions about our cautious, irreversible roadmap to freedom. Keep sending your questions in toGreat to meet @BandQ staff in Middlesbrough to thank them for their great work during the pandemic. Today we increased the #NationalLivingWage to 8.91 an hour which will provide a welcome boost to families around the UK as we #BuildBackBetter and fairer from the pandemic.Our Plan for Growth sets our path to invest in infrastructure, skills and innovation so we can level up opportunity and prosperity across the country. The government's open letter to businesses sets out how we can #BuildBackBetterNo government can address the threat of pandemics alone we must come together.  My joint article with other world leaders:The vaccine is our best route out of this pandemic and we must all do our part by taking the vaccine when it is offered to us. Thank you Sir @LennyHenry for speaking up on this important issue.WATCH LIVE: an update on COVID-19 (29 March 2021)Today marks the next stage of our roadmap to cautiously ease restrictions in England. As vaccines are being rolled out its vital that we dont overdo it and risk all the progress weve made.  Please follow the new rules carefully.Ahead of outdoor organised sport returning across England tomorrow, good luck to everyone getting back to the sports you love from football to netball and much more.  After a difficult few months, its great that so many will be able to get back out there.Wonderful news that over 30 million people have received their first dose. We need to keep up the momentum. Please make sure you get your second dose when you are called to do so.If you are in need of support, or if you are concerned about a friend or family member, there is help available:Were investing 500m in mental health services, which will expand NHS talking therapies to an additional 1.6 million people.  We recognise the impact this pandemic has had on wellbeing and are dedicated to providing better mental health support for those in need.This morning I spoke with some of those who have been shining a light on the gross human rights violations being perpetrated against Uyghur Muslims. I stand firmly with them and the other British citizens sanctioned by China.Last night saw disgraceful attacks against police officers in Bristol.  Our officers should not have to face having bricks, bottles and fireworks being thrown at them by a mob intent on violence and causing damage to property. The police and the city have my full support.Chag kasher vsameach to everyone celebrating #Passover. While families, friends and neighbours can't come together as they usually would, I know our fantastic Jewish community - known for its strength and resilience will celebrate this Pesach safely.I want to congratulate the people of Bangladesh on your 50th anniversary.  The bond between our two nations is incarnated by the 600,000 strong British-Bangladeshi community, who contribute so much to our country  #Bangladesh50 #BritBanglaBondhonThe MPs and other British citizens sanctioned by China today are performing a vital role shining a light on the gross human rights violations being perpetrated against Uyghur Muslims.  Freedom to speak out in opposition to abuse is fundamental and I stand firmly with them.It was fantastic to meet the children, parents and staff at Monkey Puzzle Nursery in Greenford today.Best wishes to the people of Greece on the 200th anniversary of the Greek Revolution. The UK was proud to play its part in the establishment of the modern Greek state and I greatly value the friendship that exists between our people todayToday we take a positive step forward in our commitment to tackle illegal entry, punish people smugglers and safeguard those who are in genuine need of refuge.  This is our fair but firm New Plan for ImmigrationCautiously but irreversibly, step by step, jab by jab, this country is on the path to reclaiming our freedoms.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (23 March 2021)Today, the anniversary of the first lockdown, is an opportunity to reflect on the past year one of the most difficult in our countrys history.Fantastic to visit @BAESystemsplc in Warton.  Our 24bn investment in security and defence will modernise our Armed Forces, creating jobs and securing our place as a science superpower.Yesterday was a record-breaking day for the vaccine rollout, with 873,784 people receiving a jab.  A huge thank you to everyone involved and please come forward to get your jab when you are invited to do so.More than half the adult population of the UK have now received their first jab.  Many thanks to everyone involved in this fantastic achievement. Lets keep going!Ive just had my first AstraZeneca vaccine. Get your jab when youre asked to do so. Its good for you, its good for your family and its a great thing for the whole country.I've just received my first Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine dose. Thank you to all of the incredible scientists, NHS staff and volunteers who helped make this happen. Getting the jab is the best thing we can do to get back to the lives we miss so much. Let's get the jab done.Spoke to @MarkRutte this afternoon to congratulate him on his re-election. The UK and the Netherlands will continue to be close partners and I look forward to working with Mark in the coming yearsThe sheer endurance and determination of @BillyMonger in his 140 mile challenge for @ComicRelief is an inspiration to us all.  Thank you Billy and everyone who is supporting this important cause.  #RedNoseDayThe Oxford/AstraZeneca jab is safe and the Pfizer jab is safe - the thing that isnt safe is catching COVID.  Which is why its so important that we all get our jabs as soon as our turn comes.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (18 March 2021)Congratulations @MarkRutte on winning the largest vote share in yesterday's election in the Netherlands. The UK and the Netherlands are close partners and old friends and I look forward to continuing to work with you in the coming years.Today I visited Colham Manor Primary School in my constituency.  Huge thanks to everyone who has worked so hard to get children back into the classroom. School is the best place for their education, wellbeing and development.We are doing everything in our power to protect the most vulnerable in our society.  That is why we are investing 212m in a scheme to create homes and provide specialised support dedicated to helping rough sleepers rebuild their lives.I'm sorry to hear that @MagufuliJP, President of Tanzania, has passed away. My thoughts are with his loved ones and the people of Tanzania.The latest milestone is an incredible achievement representing 25 million reasons to be confident for the future as we cautiously reopen society.  Thank you to the brilliant NHS, scientists, armed forces, volunteers and all those whove helped our rollout.Id like to wish everyone in Northern Ireland, Ireland and Irish people around the world a very happy St Patricks Day!  #StPatricksDayToday we have published the #IntegratedReview the most comprehensive survey of the UKs foreign policy and national security in decades. It's all part of our vision to unite and level up our countryWATCH LIVE: My statement in the @HouseOfCommons on the #IntegratedReviewThe objective of Global Britain is to use the full spectrum of our abilities, now amplified by record spending on both defence and science, to engage with and help the rest of the world. My article on the #IntegratedReview:Were going to level up bus services across the country, making them cheaper, greener and more reliable.  Great to be at the @NationalExpress Coventry depot to launch our National Bus Strategy yesterday.We're taking action to make our streets safer, with better lighting and CCTV, tougher sentences and increased police patrols. We must drive out violence against women and girls and make every part of the criminal justice system work better to protect and defend them.This evening I met with ministers, senior police officers and @CPSUK to discuss further steps needed to protect women and girls and make sure our streets are safe. The horrific case of Sarah Everard has unleashed a wave of feeling about women not feeling safe at night.Buses are lifelines and liberators, connecting people to jobs they couldn't otherwise take, sustaining town centres and protecting the environment.  As we build back from the pandemic, better buses will be one of our first acts of levelling up.I want to say a massive thank you to all the people of Northern Ireland for everything they've been doing during the pandemic. Together we will build back better.I will do everything I can to make sure the streets are safe and ensure women and girls do not face harassment or abuse.Tonight Carrie and I will be lighting a candle for Sarah Everard and thinking of her family and friends. I cannot imagine how unbearable their pain and grief is. We must work fast to find all the answers to this horrifying crime.I know how difficult it has been for this generation of university students.  We are going to do our best to make it up to you.The brutal murder of 16 primary school children and their teacher in Dunblane 25 years ago shocked the world. We must never forget all those who lost their lives on that terrible day. Today my thoughts are with the bereaved, the survivors, and the whole Dunblane community.Great to be in Northern Ireland today seeing the incredible work being done to tackle COVID and get jabs into arms from Belfast to Enniskillen.It was a privilege to speak to @NHSVolResponder and @StJohnAmbulance volunteers from Rochdale and Cornwall yesterday.  They've helped get jabs into arms quickly and efficiently. We couldnt do it without them. I am very grateful for their continued dedication.I am shocked and deeply saddened by the developments in the Sarah Everard investigation. Like the whole country my thoughts are with her family and friends. We must work fast to find all the answers to this horrifying crime.The UK is united by so many ties of people, history, culture, business and much more. We are at our best when all four parts fire on all cylinders. With @SirPeterHendys transport connectivity review, we can make our economy and Union stronger than ever beforeLast week I met with healthcare professionals who are working tremendously hard to boost vaccine confidence amongst ethnic minority groups.  It is vital that we continue to encourage everyone, in every community, to come forward to take the vaccine when it is their turn.WATCH LIVE: #Coronavirus press conference (8 March 2021)Great to welcome @ClimateEnvoy John Kerry back to London today and discuss our joint efforts to protect our planet. The UK and US have an exciting shared agenda to drive down global emissions ahead of @COP26 in November.Im proud to see the Commonwealth flag raised over No 10 today.  Commonwealth Day is an opportunity to celebrate this great family of nations and our joint efforts to promote prosperity, sustainability, equality and security across 54 countries.  #CommonwealthDayThis International Womens Day I want to pay tribute to some of the leading figures in the UKs vaccination programme.  Their ingenuity, dedication and hard work is an inspiration to all of us.  #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2021 #ExtraordinaryWomenToday pupils return to schools in England. I want to thank teachers, parents, guardians and carers for the work you have done to keep kids learning throughout the pandemic.  Getting all schools back has been our priority and the first step of our roadmap back to normality.I met some wonderful volunteers at @JesusHouseUK this morning who are spending their Sunday running a vaccination centre and protecting their local community.  Thank you to everyone across the UK who is playing their part to beat this virus.Pleased to see the removal of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffes ankle tag, but her continued confinement remains totally unacceptable. She must be released permanently so she can return to her family in the UK, and we continue to do all we can to achieve this.Today @DrAlexGeorge and I spoke with some young people from across the country, to hear about their experiences throughout the pandemic.  We have announced a 79 million support package for youth mental health and wellbeing.We must never cease to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man.  Churchills words in his famous Iron Curtain speech 75 years ago resonate as true today as they did in the post-war era. The UK stands by these values.Brilliant trip up to Teesside with Chancellor @RishiSunak.  A new Freeport here will create thousands of jobs. Its all part of our plan to build back better and greener from the pandemic.I'm horrified by the escalation of violence in Myanmar and the killing of pro-democracy protesters. We stand with the people of Myanmar in calling for an immediate end to military repression, the release of Aung San Suu Kyi and others, and the restoration of democracy.From Scotch whisky distillers to Stilton-makers, the US decision to suspend tariffs on some UK exports today will benefit businesses right across the UK. Fantastic news as we strengthen the UK-US trading relationship and work to build back better from the pandemic.Ive been doing all I can to lose weight, and I'm not only fitter and healthier but also happier for it. I'm pleased were investing 100 million into services to get the country healthier so we can all quite literally bounce back better.Throughout the pandemic we stepped in to protect jobs and livelihoods. This Budget continues that support and sets out our plan for growth. We're investing in innovation, skills and infrastructure to build back better, level up and unleash the potential of the United Kingdom.Let's bring football home in 2030. I would love for the home of football to host the 2030 World Cup, and it would be a wonderful thing for the whole country to savour. We want to do much more to encourage sport post-pandemic and see a bonanza of football in the years ahead.In Stoke-on-Trent today I saw the brilliant work being done to get children back to school safely next week.  Getting children back in school is the best thing for their education, wellbeing and development.I would like to wish people in Wales and Welsh people around the world a very happy #StDavidsDay.  Diolch for everything that youre doing throughout this pandemic, and Dydd Gyl Dewi Hapus!20 million people across the UK have now got the jab a huge national achievement and a testament to the tireless work of NHS staff, volunteers, the Armed Forces & many more.  I urge everyone to get the jab when called. Every jab makes a difference in our battle against COVID.Congratulations to Wales on their impressive victory today and on taking home the Triple Crown. #WALvENGThis week I met with church and community leaders in Lewisham to discuss uptake of the COVID-19 vaccine.Today Kuwait marks 30 years since its liberation from occupation. We remember those who gave their lives fighting bravely for freedom, including many British service personnel. I send my best wishes to our Kuwaiti friends as they celebrate their 60th National DayI answer your questions at the #PeoplesPMQsWishing a very happy and safe #Purim to Jewish communities across our United Kingdom and around the world. Chag Purim Sameach!Excellent trip to Accrington Academy in Lancashire today to see how theyre preparing for pupils to return on 8th March.  Our 700m catch up fund will ensure students across the country get the support they need to fulfil their potential.Welcome news that rough sleeping has gone down by 43% since 2018 - but we won't rest until everyone in this country has a place to call home.  We are continuing to work with councils & charities, providing 750m for programmes over the next year to end rough sleeping.This fair and flexible system will ensure all young people can progress to the next stage of their education or career.No child should be left behind as a result of learning lost during the pandemic. Thats why students will receive grades awarded and determined by teachers.Great to speak to @NOIweala and congratulate her on her appointment. The @WTO has a vital role to play in championing free and fair trade as the world builds back better and greener from COVID-19.All countries need access to coronavirus vaccines, so it is fantastic to see the first doses from COVAX arriving in Ghana today.  I'm proud that the UK is one of the largest contributors to COVAX and that we will share the majority of any future surplus vaccines with the scheme.Over 18 million people across the United Kingdom have had their first jab.  We are aiming to offer a jab to all adults aged 50 or older and those who are at higher risk due to underlying health conditions by 15 April and every adult by the end of July.Its been great hearing about the issues that matter to you.  Please keep asking me your questions atThank you to the teachers and students at @SedgehillSch and to schools all across the country - for all you have been doing throughout the pandemic.The best place for young peoples future, and for their wellbeing, is back in the classroom.  With regular testing, children can safely return to school from 8 March.When schools re-open on 8 March, I want to make sure no child is left behind as a result of the learning they have lost over the past year. A new 700m package of catch-up funding will help teachers support their pupils as they return to the classroom.Today I chaired a @UN Security Council session on climate and security. Together with Sir David Attenborough, I warned of the need to cut global emissions to net zero and help vulnerable countries adapt to climate change. Read our remarks here:I want to thank farmers for keeping the UK fed throughout the pandemic.  You do incredible work, all day, in all weathers.  My full message to the @NFUtweets Conference #NFU21:Yesterday I set out our four-step roadmap to ease restrictions across England and provide a route back to a more normal way of life. On Monday 8th March, schools and colleges across England will reopen, and teaching in classrooms can start again.How we will cautiously ease the lockdown restrictions in England.  You can find more information here:WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (22 February 2021)WATCH LIVE: My update to the @HouseOfCommons on the governments roadmap for easing lockdown restrictions in England.Our decisions will be made on the latest data at every step, and we will be cautious about this approach so that we do not undo the progress we have achieved so far and the sacrifices each and every one of you has made to keep yourself and others safe.Today Ill be setting out a roadmap to bring us out of lockdown cautiously. Our priority has always been getting children back into school which we know is crucial for their education and wellbeing. We'll also be prioritising ways for people to reunite with loved ones safely.More than 17.5 million people have now had their first dose; that's more than 1 in 3 adults in the UK.  I want to see the rollout go further and faster in the coming weeks, so we are now aiming to offer a jab to every adult by the end of July.The G7 is the great gathering of like-minded, liberal, free-trading democracies. We stand together on many issues around the world. I look forward to working closely together ahead of the @G7 summit in Cornwall in June.The vaccine protects you, your loved ones and helps us all defeat the virus. When you are invited to get the jab, please come forward. #TakeTheVaccineExcellent trip to Wales yesterday to see the extraordinary efforts of all those involved in our fight against coronavirus. NHS staff, volunteers, the military and the police have all been working hard to get people through the pandemic.It was great to take questions from Horizon Community College's Year 11 maths class last week.  Thank you to all the efforts of teachers and students across the country for keeping learning going virtually.New charges against Aung San Suu Kyi fabricated by the Myanmar military are a clear violation of her human rights. We stand with the people of Myanmar and will ensure those responsible for this coup are held to account.Freedom of speech is at the very core of our democracy. It is absolutely right that our great universities the historic centres of free thinking and ideas will now have this freedom protected and bolstered with stronger legal protections.We recognise the impact this pandemic is having on everyones wellbeing and we are working with our Youth Mental Health Ambassador @DrAlexGeorge on this important issue. If you need support, the NHS is here for you:Those who serve in our Armed Forces deserve every recognition for their service. It was a very great injustice that this was denied to some members simply because of their sexuality. I hugely welcome the fact we can now address this historic wrong.If you get a message to come forward to get a jab please do.  If you are over 70 and haven't had your first jab yet, speak to your GP, book a slot online, or call 119.Great news Jaguar Land Rover is set to become an all-electric brand by 2025, a significant step towards becoming a net zero business by 2039. A brilliant example of British engineering leading the industry to a cleaner future, as we build back greener.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (15 February 2021)Great to meet the fantastic NHS staff at Orpington Health and Wellbeing Centre earlier today, who are working incredibly hard to get South East London vaccinated.  Were committed to working with communities across the UK to ensure everyone can get the protection they need.Today we start the next phase of our vaccination programme, with people aged 65-69 and the clinically vulnerable now being offered the jab.  If you are over 70 and haven't had your first jab yet, speak to your GP, book a slot online, or call 119.We have vaccinated over 15 million people. This is an incredible UK-wide achievement. Thank you to the scientists, factory workers, delivery drivers, NHS staff, volunteers and many more who made this astounding feat possible.Today we have reached a significant milestone in the United Kingdoms national vaccination programme.  This country has achieved an extraordinary feat - administering a total of 15 million jabs into the arms of some of the most vulnerable people in the country.Fantastic to be back in the North East of England yesterday, meeting scientists and manufacturers leading the response to COVID-19. As we come out of this difficult time, the North East will be at the very heart of our plans to build back better and greener.Fantastic that over 14.5 million people have now had the first dose of the vaccine.  If you are 70 or older and have not had your first jab yet, please contact the NHS online, call 119 or speak to your local GP.Congratulations to Mario Draghi on being sworn in as Italy's new Prime Minister. I look forward to working closely with you in 2021 as we host the @G7, you host the @G20org and we co-host @COP26.An update from me at the end of a week in which we've seen huge numbers of people getting their jab. Over 14 million people have now got the first dose an incredible national effort. Thank you to everyone involved.Over 14 million people have now had their first vaccine dose. We want everyone eligible to get their jab as quickly as possible. If you're 70 or older and haven't had your first jab yet, please contact the NHS online, call 119 or speak to your local GP.Thank you to the NHS workers, Armed Forces personnel and volunteers in Wales who have helped ensure that everyone in priority groups 1-4 has been offered a vaccination. Every jab across the United Kingdom helps protect the vulnerable.Happy Chinese New Year! I want to wish everyone celebrating in the UK and around the world happiness and good fortune in the Year of the Ox.   #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear #YearOfTheOxOver 13.5 million people have now had a first dose but there are still eligible people who haven't taken up a jab.  If you are 70 or older and not had your first jab yet, please contact the NHS online, call 119 or speak to your local GP.Great to speak to Dr @aimafidon and the future generation of scientists @Stemettes about how we can inspire girls to pursue careers in science and give them the best opportunities to shape our world.  #InternationalDayOfWomenAndGirlsInScience #WomenInScienceOver 13 million people have received their first vaccine dose, but there are eligible people across the country who havent yet taken up their offer. Please go online, get someone to help you or simply pick up the phone and call 119.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (10 February 2021)We are now averaging 2.5 million doses a week. Yesterday, 352,480 more people got their first dose and we're on track to offer 15 million people across the UK their first dose by 15 February.I want to thank carers for all they've done throughout the pandemic to protect our loved ones. We would be truly lost without you.  This exceptional career choice is tough but rewarding. I urge anyone thinking of a career in care to come forward and join this heroic workforce.Today I saw the amazing job people in Derby are doing on testing and vaccinations.  20 million rapid lateral flow tests are being made at @Surescreen, and @derby_arena vaccination centre is going gangbusters and has already vaccinated groups 1-4.Almost 12.3 million people have had their first vaccine dose, a superb effort by everyone involved. If you are 70 or older, living in England and have not had your first vaccine jab yet, please contact the NHS. This can be done online or by dialling 119.Apprenticeships unlock opportunities, and we're expanding them so more people have the chance to get life-changing training.  On #NationalApprenticeshipWeek thank you to all our brilliant apprentices and the countless employers who take them on. #NAW2021My thoughts are with the people of India and rescue workers in Uttarakhand as they respond to devastating flooding from the glacier collapse. The UK stands in solidarity with India and is ready to offer any support needed.Yesterday over 549,000 people got their first vaccine dose, which now means over 12 million people across the UK have been vaccinated.Six Nations rugby at its best today. Passion, pride - and the best team on the day winning. Well done Scotland.Nearly 11 and a half million people across the UK have now received their first dose of the vaccine. Thank you to everyone who is contributing to this amazing national effort.To @jacindaardern, all our friends in New Zealand and the Kiwis here in the UK, I send my warmest wishes as you mark Waitangi Day. I am proud of our enduring friendship and our ongoing work to build back better from Covid-19 and make the world a greener, more prosperous place.A quick update from me on where we are. Some encouraging progress this week, but were not there yet. This weekend please stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.Yesterday over 480,000 people got their first vaccine dose, which now means almost 11 million people across the UK have been vaccinated.This years #HIVTestWeek has been a record-breaker over 22,000 tests requested so far, many testing for the first time. Thanks to @THTorguk for an excellent campaign. Know your HIV status. Order a test.Dairy Milk has been a firm favourite for generations, so it's fantastic to see this Great British brand making more chocolate bars in its historic Birmingham home.  @CadburyUKOne in five adults in the UK has now received a first dose of the vaccine.  Every jab gets us closer to defeating the virus, so please come forward when you are called for the vaccine by the NHS.On #WorldCancerDay my thoughts are with everyone bravely battling cancer and those who have sadly lost their lives to this disease.  Diagnosing and treating cancer remains a top priority. However mild you think your symptoms might be, get checked by a doctor. Our NHS is open.Tonight we honoured Captain Sir Tom Moore and all the health workers he recognised with his fundraising.  #ClapForCaptainTomWATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (3 February 2021)Its fantastic that 10 million people in the UK have got their first dose of the vaccine. Thank you to everyone who has helped make this possible.Tonight at 6pm well put our hands together to show our appreciation for Captain Sir Tom Moore, all that he stood for and all those health workers who he recognised with his fundraising. #ClapForTom #ClapForCaptainTomIm delighted to announce that we have appointed @DrAlexGeorge to be our Youth Mental Health Ambassador.  Young people have sacrificed so much during this pandemic and we are going to do everything we can to support them.Alexey @Navalny's decision to return to Russia after being poisoned was a truly brave and selfless act. In contrast, today's ruling was pure cowardice and fails to meet the most basic standards of justice. Alexey Navalny must be released immediately.Really encouraging data from a new study today shows the Oxford/AZ vaccine provides significant protection against the virus.  Im incredibly grateful to all our scientists, NHS staff and volunteers working on our vaccination programme.What is needed is urgent action from the EU to resolve outstanding problems with Protocol implementation, so as to preserve the gains of the Belfast Good Friday Agreement & ensure that Northern Ireland benefits from Brexit just like every other part of our United Kingdom. 2/2Our commitment to the people of Northern Ireland and our Union is unshakeable. Recent EU moves have undermined the Protocol & understandably provoked concern. Let me underline that, now & in the future, Northern Irelands place in the UK will be protected and strengthened. 1/2Captain Sir Tom Moore was a hero in the truest sense of the word. His legacy will long live after him.Great to see the brilliant work of community leaders today in Batley - everyone coming together to get jabs into peoples arms and protect their community. If you are called to get your vaccination, dont hesitate - get your jab.Fantastic that Jeanette has got her jab! The COVID-19 vaccine has now been offered to residents at every eligible care home with older residents across England.I condemn the coup and unlawful imprisonment of civilians, including Aung San Suu Kyi, in Myanmar. The vote of the people must be respected and civilian leaders released.My thoughts are very much with @CaptainTomMoore and his family. Youve inspired the whole nation, and I know we are all wishing you a full recovery.More than 8 million people across the United Kingdom have now received their first vaccine dose. Thank you to everyone who has come forward to get their jab.I want to say a huge thank you to the parents, carers and guardians of children.  Millions of you have coped with the pressures of home schooling and childcare while also doing your day jobs. And by staying at home you are, quite literally, saving lives.It was the highlight of my day to virtually drop in on the Year 6 class of St Josephs Catholic Primary School, Upminster. Im in awe of the way teachers, parents, guardians and carers have risen to the unique challenges of the pandemic. I quite simply cannot thank you enough.Very encouraging that early trials of the vaccine developed by Janssen show it to be effective against coronavirus. We have secured 30 million doses, and if approved by our medicines regulator we should expect these to be available later this year.Yesterday I visited Scotland to see how the UK Government is supporting our Scottish Government colleagues to beat this pandemic. Im immensely grateful to all those working to deliver tests and vaccines. Together, we can stop the spread of coronavirus.In Scotland I met the brilliant healthcare workers, scientists and military personnel co-ordinating the pandemic response.  The UK Government is working hard to support all parts of the UK in delivering vaccines and tests at an unprecedented rate.Good news that the @Novavax vaccine has proved effective in UK trials. Thank you to all the volunteers who made these results possible. Our medicines regulator will now assess the vaccine, which will be made in Teesside. If approved, we have 60m doses on order.UPDATE: Weve now recruited over 6,000 new police officers, well ahead of our March 2021 target.  Were committed to getting 20,000 more officers on our streets by the end of this parliament.Its brilliant that @ValnevaSE is starting the large-scale manufacture of its potential vaccine, creating 100 high-skilled jobs at their Livingston facility. Weve secured 60m doses due to be delivered by the end of the year if it is approved for use.Fantastic climate leadership from @JoeBiden and team today - joining the UK in committing to reach net zero by 2050 and protect 30% of land and ocean by 2030.  I look forward to joining the President at the Leaders' Climate Summit in April as we work together for our planet.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (27 January 2021)Nothing will stop us remembering the unique horror of the Holocaust and recommitting to root out antisemitism.  I was honoured to hear from Renee Salt who survived Auschwitz and Belsen, and veteran Ian Forsyth who liberated the latter camp in April 1945. #HolocaustMemorialDayWATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (26 January 2021)We are offering our genomics expertise to countries who do not have the resources to identify and monitor new variants.  This is part of my 5-point plan for pandemic preparedness, which the UK will lead on through our @G7 Presidency.  We will beat this virus togetherOur vaccination effort continues with over 6.5 million people now having received their first dose. Thank you to everyone who has contributed to this remarkable achievement. Together we will defeat the virus.The delivery of a safe, effective vaccine is the best way to protect the vulnerable and save thousands of lives. If youre called for the vaccine, it's vital you take it up.Burns Suppers are one of the highlights of the year and Im sad that millions of Scots in the UK and across the world wont be able to come together to toast one of our finest poets and celebrate in the usual way.  We will do so again, but this #BurnsNight please #StayHomeThe opening of 32 new large-scale Vaccination Centres this week is another step in our fight against COVID. When you are invited to get vaccinated, please do so. Youll be protecting yourself and helping us defeat the virus.Since Monday 2.3 million of you have come forward to be vaccinated when asked to by the NHS. This puts the running total at a fantastic 6.3 million doses given right across the United Kingdom.Great to speak to President @JoeBiden this evening. I look forward to deepening the longstanding alliance between our two countries as we drive a green and sustainable recovery from COVID-19.We have vaccinated over 5.8 million people in the UK, with a record 478,000 first doses given in a single day yesterday. Every jab brings us closer to defeating the virus. If youre called for the vaccine, please do come forward.We have now learned that, in addition to spreading more quickly, the new variant of the virus may also be associated with a higher degree of mortality.  It is therefore more important than ever that we all follow the rules and stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives.5.4 million people across the UK have received their first COVID vaccine dose. Yesterday alone we gave 400,000 vaccinations - an amazing achievement, and I want to thank everyone involved.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (22 January 2021)This is a great vote of confidence in the UK and fantastic news for the brilliant @Nissan workforce in Sunderland and electric vehicle manufacturing in this country.In Didsbury today I saw the brilliant work the @EnvAgency and emergency services are doing to defend the area from flooding. If you think your home may be at risk of flooding, please follow the advice and be prepared:Great news Elizabeth & Jonathan. Nothing is more effective in protecting ourselves and our loved ones than getting the jab when called.  We have already given over 5m doses to people in the UK, and are accelerating our programme to vaccinate people as quickly as possible.We've now given over 5 million coronavirus vaccines across the UK. Thank you to everyone contributing to this tremendous national effort. Jab by jab we are protecting the vulnerable and getting closer to defeating the virus.President @JoeBiden rejoining the Paris Agreement is hugely positive news. In the year we host @COP26 in Glasgow, I look forward to working with our US partners to do all we can to safeguard our planet.Congratulations to @JoeBiden on being sworn in as President of the United States and to @KamalaHarris on her historic inauguration. Americas leadership is vital on the issues that matter to us all, from climate change to COVID, and I look forward to working with President Biden.The vaccine programme is a huge national effort.  I want to thank each and every one of the 50,000 people who have volunteered for @TheSun's Jabs Army to help support that effort.It was incredible to see the @OxfordVacGroup / @AstraZeneca vaccine being manufactured.  This low-cost, fridge-safe vaccine is a huge part of our vaccination programme to protect the vulnerable and fight back against the virus.We're making good progress with our vaccination plan, with over 4 million people now having received their first dose.  Thank you to everyone involved in this great national effort to protect the most vulnerable from the virus. We will beat this togetherToday marks a significant milestone as we offer vaccinations to millions more people who are most at risk from COVID-19. We have a long way to go and there will be challenges ahead - but together we are making huge progress in our fight against this virus.Im hugely grateful to everyone who has helped us to administer over 3.8 million jabs across the UK. This is a massive national effort and we must continue to work together to protect the vulnerable.Its incredible that were now delivering the vaccine at a rate of 140 jabs a minute. Thank you again to everyone who is helping in this national effort. Lets continue to protect our NHS by staying home to save lives.I look forward to welcoming world leaders to Cornwall for the @G7 Summit in June. My goal is to work with our friends and partners to #BuildBackBetter from the coronavirus pandemic and create a fairer, greener and more prosperous future.   #G7UKKelly, very sad that youre standing down from government. Youve been a brilliant minister at three departments but family must come first. My thoughts are with you and your loved ones at this difficult time.Weve given over 3.5 million vaccine doses to protect against COVID-19, with over 324,000 doses yesterday alone. Thank you to everyone who is helping in this fantastic national effort. Help our NHS by staying at home to save lives.Ensuring girls worldwide get 12 years quality education is the simplest thing we can do to transform the fortunes of not just individual women & girls but communities & nations. Im delighted to appoint @HelenGrantMP as Special Envoy on Girls Education to drive this vital work.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (15 January 2021)Think twice before leaving the house this weekend. Jab by jab we will win this fight. But for now it's crucial we continue to protect the NHS and save lives by staying home. #StayHomeSaveLivesSuperb news that weve administered over 3 million vaccine doses across the UK. THANK YOU to all who have responded to the call and to the NHS, Armed Forces and volunteers who make it happen. It brings real hope, but it's critical that for now we #StayHomeSaveLives. .Today the first high street pharmacies start vaccinating people against COVID-19. By the end of the month, we will have hundreds of local pharmacies helping us roll out the vaccine across the UK.I want to wish Tamils in the UK and around the world a happy Thai Pongal.Under this government we will do everything we can to ensure no child goes hungry as a result of the privations caused by this pandemic.I totally agree with you @MarcusRashford, these food parcels do not meet the standards we set out and we have made it clear to the company involved that this is disgraceful. The company concerned has rightly apologised and agreed to reimburse those affected.Farewell with respect and admiration to Sir David Barclay who rescued a great newspaper, created many thousands of jobs across the UK and who believed passionately in the independence of this country and what it could achieve.Yesterday I spoke with @UN Secretary-General @antonioguterres, 75 years on from the first UN General Assembly. We discussed how together the international community can tackle challenges like COVID-19, climate change and ensuring every girl has access to quality education.As we get jabs into arms, we must not lose sight of the state of the pandemic - which is putting huge pressure on our NHS. So, please follow the rules and stay home to protect the NHS, and save lives.My thoughts are very much with you, Cathy and the children, James. Wishing you all the best for your treatment and looking forward to welcoming you back on the team soon.Our hospitals are under more pressure than at any other time since the start of the pandemic, and infection rates continue to soar at an alarming rate. The vaccine rollout has given us renewed hope, but its critical for now we stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives.Excellent news the @MHRAgovuk has approved the use of the @moderna_tx vaccine.  Our national vaccine effort is accelerating to vaccinate priority groups with our existing two vaccines, and the Moderna doses will add to that when they become available in spring.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (7 January 2021)Disgraceful scenes in U.S. Congress. The United States stands for democracy around the world and it is now vital that there should be a peaceful and orderly transfer of power.We are in a race to vaccinate the vulnerable faster than the virus can reach them. And we need to give our army of vaccinators the biggest head start we possibly can. That is why we must once again stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives.We have now vaccinated over 1.3 million people across the UK. Were focusing our efforts on protecting the most vulnerable, reducing hospitalisations and saving lives.Fantastic initiative from the BBC, who will be helping children to learn while we all must stay at home.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (5 January 2021)But for now, I am afraid, you must once again stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives. 3/3But now more than ever, we must pull together. With every jab that goes into our arms, we are tilting the odds against Covid and in favour of the British people. And, thanks to the miracle of science, not only is the end in sight but we know exactly how we will get there. 2/3I want to say to everyone right across the United Kingdom that I know how tough this is, I know how frustrated you are, I know that you have had more than enough of government guidance about defeating this virus. 1/3Stay at home. Protect the NHS. Save lives.WATCH LIVE: My update on coronavirus. (4 January 2021)Saddened to hear of the death of Sir Brian Urquhart, a renowned British diplomat who shaped the @UN & created the blue helmet peacekeepers. As we approach the 75th anniversary of the first Security Council meeting in London, his legacy lives on in the vital work of the UN today.Important words from Deputy Chief Medical Officer Jonathan Van-Tam, explaining why by prioritising the first dose, we can give more people a high level of protection sooner.@thesuns campaign to help our NHS to roll out the UK vaccination programme as fast as possible is a fantastic initiative.  The British public volunteered in droves to support the NHS last year and I have no doubt they will be determined to help again.Proud that the UK is taking over the 2021 Presidency of the G7 today. Hosting both the G7 Summit and @COP26 will make this a hugely important year for Global Britain and I look forward to welcoming our friends and allies as we beat COVID and build back better from the pandemic.There will be plenty who will be only too happy to say goodbye to the grimness of 2020.  But this was also the year when we rediscovered a spirit of togetherness, of community.  In 2021 we have our freedom in our hands and it is up to us to make the most of it. Happy New Year!I wholeheartedly welcome todays political agreement between the UK and Spain on Gibraltars future relationship with the EU. The UK has always been, and will remain, totally committed to the protection of the interests of Gibraltar and its British sovereigntyThe New Year #Honours2021 give us an opportunity to salute the dedication of those who have gone above and beyond in their contribution to our country, in a year when so many have made sacrifices to protect our NHS and save lives.Tonight I spoke to the incredible @UniofOxford/@AstraZeneca team to congratulate them on todays news. Thank you to all the scientists and volunteers who helped make this fantastic achievement possible.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (30 December 2020)By signing this deal, we fulfill the sovereign wish of the British people to live under their own laws, made by their own elected Parliament.WATCH LIVE: My update to the @HouseOfCommons on our deal with the European Union.It is truly fantastic news - and a triumph for British science - that the @UniofOxford /@AstraZeneca vaccine has been approved for use.  We will now move to vaccinate as many people as quickly as possible.We looked forward to the formal ratification of the agreement and to working together on shared priorities, such as tackling climate change.Just spoken with @eucopresident Charles Michel. I welcomed the importance of the UK/EU Agreement as a new starting point for our relationship, between sovereign equals.I would like to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas.WATCH LIVE: My update on our future partnership with the European Union.The deal is done.Our NHS staff are always there for us in difficult times, this year perhaps more than ever, where they have been working heroically to save lives during the pandemic. It's fantastic news that 13,313 more nurses and 6,030 more doctors have joined our NHS to help care for others.Very sad to hear the news of Margaret Tebbits death. She was a brave woman who showed enormous fortitude in her suffering after the 1984 Brighton bombing. My thoughts are with Norman and their family at this difficult time.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (21 December 2020)We are sacrificing our chance to see loved ones this Christmas, so we have a better chance of protecting their lives so we can see them at future Christmases. (3/3)Given the early evidence we have on this new variant of the virus, and the potential risk it poses, it is with a heavy heart that I must tell you we cannot continue with Christmas as planned. (2/3)As Prime Minister, it is my duty to take the difficult decisions, to do what is right to protect the people of this country. (1/3)WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (19 December 2020)Fantastic to visit the @WeAreOpenreach training centre in Bolton as they announce thousands of new jobs and apprenticeships.  Their work has helped us stay in touch with our loved ones during the pandemic and will help level up all corners of the UK.If you are forming a Christmas Bubble, its vital that from today, you minimise contact with people from outside your household. Everyone must take personal responsibility to avoid passing the virus on to loved ones this Christmas.I spoke to @vonderleyen this evening on UK-EU negotiations, stressing time is short and the EU position needed to change substantially.  Read here:Je suis dsol dapprendre que mon ami @EmmanuelMacron a t test positif la Covid-19. Nous lui souhaitons tous un prompt rtablissement.Sorry to hear my friend @EmmanuelMacron has tested positive for coronavirus. We are all wishing you a speedy recovery.This week @carriesymonds & I had a wonderful chat with Christine and Chitra to support the Christmas Together Campaign. It's been a tough year for all - a phone call makes all the difference in helping someone who is feeling lonely. Let's all give someone a bell this Christmas.This Christmas it is vital that everyone exercises the greatest possible personal responsibility. Think hard and in detail about the days ahead and whether you can do more to protect yourself and others.  A smaller Christmas is a safer Christmas.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (16 December 2020)Great news Prue! Wonderful to see so many in the UK getting vaccinated. Many thanks to the health workers who are working tirelessly to get this vaccine to people up and down the country.As things stand we are still very far apart on key issues. Theres still a deal to be done, but the most likely thing is that we've got to be ready for Australia terms on 1st January.  Go to to get prepared.Fantastic to see 75 nations coming together to pledge #ClimateAction today. Ultimately, our ability to protect our planet will come not from timidity or caution - but decisive ambition from all.  Looking forward to driving this forward ahead of @COP26 next year.As we today host the Climate Ambition Summit, Im pleased to announce the UK will be ending taxpayer support for fossil fuel projects overseas.  By taking decisive #ClimateAction now, we will create the jobs of the future, drive the recovery from COVID & protect our planet.There is a way to go in the negotiations, but it is looking very, very likely that we will have to go for an Australia-style solution.On the advice of our Chief Medical Officers after a comprehensive review of the evidence, the self-isolation period will be reduced to 10 days from Monday across the UK.  Its essential we self-isolate when instructed to break the chain of transmission.So sad about Barbara Windsor, so much more than a great pub landlady & Carry On star. She campaigned for the lonely and the vulnerable - and cheered the world up with her own British brand of harmless sauciness & innocent scandal. Thoughts with Scott and all her family & friends.Now is the time for the public and businesses to get ready for the Australian option on January 1st.A pleasure to meet with Crown Prince @MohamedBinZayed today. I look forward to strengthening the close ties between our countries in a range of areas - including green technology - ahead of @COP26 next year.To Jewish people across our United Kingdom and all around the world - #ChanukahSameach!  #ChanukahWelcome news that weve secured a fantastic trade agreement with Singapore  This is an important part of our vision of the UK trading with a network of dynamic nations across #AsiaPacific  Well done @trussliz & all those involved in the negotiations.On my way to Brussels to meet @EU_Commission President @vonderleyen. A good deal is still there to be done. But whether we agree trading arrangements resembling those of Australia or Canada, the United Kingdom will prosper mightily as an independent nationThe residents of Weatherfield have entertained us for six fantastic decades with gripping storylines & characters loved by many. Coronation Street is not only a great British institution but a place where many across our country feel at home. Happy 60th Birthday @itvcorrieIts been a year since this #PeoplesGovernment was elected, and we are delivering on our promises. #PMQsIts incredible to see the first clinically approved vaccine being given to people today, something that is happening across the whole of the United Kingdom.Today the first vaccinations in the UK against COVID-19 begin. Thank you to our NHS, to all of the scientists who worked so hard to develop this vaccine, to all the volunteers - and to everyone who has been following the rules to protect others. We will beat this together.This evening I spoke with @EU_Commission President @vonderleyen. We have asked our Chief Negotiators and their teams to prepare an overview of the remaining differences to be discussed in a physical meeting in Brussels in the coming days. Full statement:It was fantastic to visit some local shops in Uxbridge today, alongside our candidate for Mayor of London @ShaunBaileyUK. Small businesses have heroically adapted to keep customers safe, and we will continue to do all we can to support them.Its been a hard year for all of us, but especially for small businesses who have adapted to the rules to help us drive down the virus. On #SmallBusinessSaturday ensure you get out and show your support for the millions of brilliant small businesses across the UK. #SmallBizSatUKA pleasure to speak to Lara at #PPMQs this week.  Every industry has been affected by COVID, but I know its been particularly hard on weddings and the events industry. But I believe with vaccines and advancements in testing we have every reason to hope for next year.Great to speak to 6 brilliant and diverse businesses earlier last week. Its more important than ever that we recognise the fantastic contribution small businesses make to the UK economy, and that we continue to provide support + protect jobs.Weve set a new target to cut emissions by at least 68% by 2030. The fight against climate change is a global challenge and the UK is leading by example.Fantastic to be back taking questions from the public this evening for #PeoplesPMQs You can watch it back here:Its heartbreaking that this virus has separated us from family and friends. I know it's been tough but your sacrifices have saved lives.  That's why I am delighted that visitor testing has begun in care homes, enabling people to finally be reunited with loved ones safely.WATCH: I answer your questions at #PeoplesPMQs #PPMQsDeeply saddened to learn that four people have lost their lives in the water works explosion in Avonmouth. Our hearts go out to the victims and their families.  Thank you to the emergency services who attended the scene.Congratulations to @DrFrostMaths for winning the @TeacherPrize COVID Hero award and for all your hard work transforming maths for millions of children. I also want to say a big thank you to all the world's teachers for all you have done to support learning during the pandemic.As President he was an architect of what has now become the G7. My thoughts are with his family and the French people. 4/4Valry Giscard d'Estaing was a hugely important figure in modernising France, and his legacy is still felt today. 3/4Lors de sa Prsidence, il fut aussi l'architecte de ce qui est devenu le G7. J'adresse mes plus sincres condolances sa famille, ses proches et au peuple franais. 2/4Valry Giscard d'Estaing a t un grand modernisateur de la France, dont le travail a marqu les gnrations suivantes. 1/4On #IDPWD2020, I pay tribute to the extraordinary contribution people living with disabilities make to this country.  Next year we will publish the most ambitious disability plan in a generation - so there are no barriers to anyone realising their full potential. #PurpleLightUpThe approval of a vaccine is a huge step towards normality, but the rules in your area have not changed.  Please keep following the restrictions to protect those around you.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus. (2 December 2020)Today I am proudly wearing purple to celebrate the International Day for Disabled People, which is tomorrow.  And I know that all of my colleagues will welcome the fantastic news that the MHRA has formally authorised the Pfizer vaccine for COVID-19. #PMQsIts the protection of vaccines that will ultimately allow us to reclaim our lives and get the economy moving again. (2/2)Its fantastic that @MHRAgovuk has formally authorised the @Pfizer/@BioNTech_Group vaccine for Covid-19. The vaccine will begin to be made available across the UK from next week. (1/2)Good to be chairing Cabinet this morning. Were continuing in our efforts to fight the virus, but we must hold out against it. We now have reason to hope that by spring, community testing and vaccines will combine to end this era of restrictions.On #WorldAIDSDay we remember those who have died of AIDS and stand with those living with HIV today. Our aim is to end HIV transmission by 2030 and help better the lives of HIV+ people with quick access to antiretroviral therapies and the roll out of PrEP across the country.We're preparing now so we are ready to roll out vaccines as soon as they have gone through all the safety and regulatory checks.Warmest wishes to the Sikh community commemorating Guru Nanak #Gurpurab the birth of Guru Nanak Dev Ji, founder of the Sikh faith. Celebrations sadly wont be the same this year, but I enormously appreciate the monumental effort youve made in helping us to fight this virus.A very Happy #StAndrewsDay to those celebrating across the UK and around the worldColombia has committed to an impressive 51% reduction in carbon emissions by 2030.  Together we can build back greener. I welcome President @IvanDuque's leadership & look forward to working together ahead of the Climate Ambition Summit on 12 Dec and @COP26 in Glasgow next year.Earlier I went to @PHE_uk Porton Down to see work on the rapid lateral flow tests that have been used in Liverpool to find asymptomatic coronavirus cases. We want areas in Tier 3 to think about community testing so that together we can beat the disease.My thoughts are with my friend @TaylorOBE on the 20th anniversary of the tragic death of his son Damilola Taylor. Whilst we cannot gather in memory today, we can remember that Damilola wanted to make the world a better place to live in & we can work together to make that happen.Thank you @narendramodi, great to speak to you. I'm very much looking forward to deepening and strengthening the UK-India relationship in 2021 and beyond!Hugely promising breakthrough that could transform how we diagnose & treat cancer which still takes too many before their time. Another example of UK scientific leadership. Thank you to all our brilliant scientists and our NHS who helped make this happen.Together we have prevented our NHS from being overwhelmed, but those dangers have not gone away.  If we ease off now, we risk losing control of this virus all over again. The tough measures in our Winter Plan are the best way to avoid this outcome.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (26 November 2020)From next Wednesday in England, we are introducing a stronger three tiered system of local measures to push the virus down and see us through winter. You can find out which tier your area will be in from 2 December here:Brilliant news that there are now 14,800 more nurses than this time last year. Nurses are there for us in our time of greatest need, and we are so grateful for all that they do. We're well on our way to meeting our manifesto commitment of 50,000 more nurses over this Parliament.Violence against women is a terrible scourge in societies around the world. The UK is leading efforts to fight this crime at home and abroad - every woman and girl deserves to live without fear.Monti (aged 8) wrote to me asking if Father Christmas will be able to deliver presents this year  I've had lots of letters about this, so I have spoken with experts and can assure you that Father Christmas will be packing his sleigh and delivering presents this Christmas!All four UK nations have agreed that from the 23rd to the 27th of December, you will be able to form a Christmas bubble of no more than three households.National restrictions end on 2nd December across England. But without sensible precautions, we risk the virus escalating over winter. So we are returning to a tiered approach, applying the toughest measures where the virus is most prevalent. More here:The success of our efforts, which we are already seeing, will come all the faster if we follow the guidance, maintain the basic disciplines that have got us through thus far, and together - we will beat this virus.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus. (23 November 2020)WATCH LIVE: My update to the @HouseOfCommons on our COVID-19 Winter Plan (23 November 2020)Great to speak with the team at @UniofOxford & @AstraZeneca this morning to thank them for their brilliant work on the #OxfordVaccine.  These results are incredibly encouraging and a major step forward in our fight against Covid-19.Incredibly exciting news the Oxford vaccine has proved so effective in trials. There are still further safety checks ahead, but these are fantastic results.  Well done to our brilliant scientists at @UniofOxford & @AstraZeneca, and all who volunteered in the trials.Great to speak with @JustinTrudeau, @mary_ng and @trussliz today to secure a fantastic trade agreement for Britain.  British businesses export everything from electric cars to sparkling wine to Canada, and todays deal will ensure that trade goes from strength to strength.So proud to be supporting this initiative #SignUpToStand here:   #5050Parliament #AskHerToStandAs the #G20 meets this weekend, we must recommit to do whatever it takes to overcome the pandemic and protect lives and livelihoods.  If we harness the collective ingenuity and resources of the G20, we can chart a path out of the pandemic and build a better, greener future.Hi folks, quick update from me. Still self-isolating and working from my office in Downing St, leading on our response to the pandemic.Fantastic news that we've secured satellite network @OneWeb. This strategic investment will drive our space sector and put the UK at the forefront of space tech. A terrific boost to our advanced manufacturing, services and tech industries.Our Armed Forces represent the very best of our country.  We are ending the era of retreat and strengthening our defence budget with 16.5 billion over the next four years.We are investing an extra 16.5 billion to defend our people and way of lifeThe defence of the realm is the first duty of government.  We are investing an extra 16.5 billion in defence to end the era of retreat, strengthen our Armed Forces, and extend British influence as a force for good in the worldLike many organisations, the @HouseOfCommons has adapted well to remote working!  Great to take questions from MPs today at #PMQs  Image: @UKParliament / Jessica TaylorWe are going to drive forward a Green Industrial Revolution, creating hundreds of thousands of green jobs across the country. Read more about my 10 point plan:Powered by the wind turbines of Scotland and the North East, propelled by electric cars made in the Midlands and advanced by tech developed in Wales, my 10 point plan will drive forward a Green Industrial Revolution, creating jobs across the country.Fantastic news that the Vaccine Taskforce has secured an initial agreement for 5 million doses of the Moderna vaccine, in addition to over 350 million doses of other promising vaccine candidates.Hi folks, Ive been instructed by our NHS Test & Trace scheme to self-isolate for two weeks, after being in contact with someone with Covid-19.  Im in good health and have no symptoms, and will continue to lead on our response to the virus & our plans to #BuildBackBetterToday I was notified by NHS Test and Trace that I must self-isolate as I have been in contact with someone who tested positive for COVID-19.  I have no symptoms, but am following the rules and will be working from No10 as I continue to lead the governments pandemic response.An impressive victory - well done @LewisHamilton! You have made us all so proudHappy #Diwali and #BandiChhorDivas! I know that this year celebrations will be different, but I am filled with respect for the way British Hindus, Sikhs and Jains have gone out of their way to help others throughout this pandemic.Im delighted that the United Kingdom has now protected more than 4.3 million sq km of the worlds ocean. With the announcement of Tristan da Cunhas new Marine Protection Zone, we have helped to protect an area of ocean 17 times the size of the UK.So great to see Scotland going forward to the Euros. Massive well done to the whole team #SERSCO #Euro2020We're one year out from hosting @COP26 in Glasgow. There is no time to waste and we have to act now to take bold action in the fight against climate change. I'm looking forward to shortly setting out my ten-point plan to create thousands of green jobs in the UK.Our fantastic Kickstart Scheme has created 19,000 jobs for young people across the UK - from fitness to social care to TV & film. Young people are our future and we are determined to make sure they can kickstart their careers as we build back better from the pandemic.We are delivering on the promise we made to the British people to take back control of our borders and implement a fair and firm immigration system.I was saddened to hear of the death of Dr Saeb Erekat, and moved by the ceremonies today in Ramallah and Jericho. He dedicated his life to dialogue and advanced the cause of peace and Palestinian rights against the odds. My thoughts are with his family and the Palestinian people.We are delivering on the will of the British people by ending free movement and introducing a fair points-based immigration system #PMQsToday we remember all our servicemen and women who made the ultimate sacrifice. Lest we forget.  #ArmisticeDayI just spoke to @JoeBiden to congratulate him on his election. I look forward to strengthening the partnership between our countries and to working with him on our shared priorities from tackling climate change, to promoting democracy and building back better from the pandemic.Huge thanks to Kate Bingham and the Vaccine Taskforce for all their fantastic work in securing 40 million doses of the @pfizer & @BioNTech_Group vaccine and over 300 million doses of other promising vaccine candidates.If and when the @Pfizer & @BioNTech_Group vaccine is approved, we will be ready to start using it. But the biggest mistake we could make now would be to slacken our resolve at such a critical moment. We must continue to work together to protect our NHS and save lives.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus. (9 November 2020)Today we show that in this time of adversity, no virus can stop us from honouring the memory of the servicemen and women from Britain and the Commonwealth to whom we owe so much. #LestWeForgetNo virus will stop us from honouring the memory of the servicemen and women who sacrificed their lives for our freedom.  Today, as every day, we will remember them.  #LestWeForgetI am deeply saddened by the passing of Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks. His leadership had a profound impact on our whole country and across the world. My sincere condolences to his family, friends and the Jewish community. May his memory be a blessing.Congratulations @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarrisPlease show your support for the @PoppyLegion #PoppyAppeal by donating here:Thank you to everyone in Liverpool for the fantastic response to the mass testing pilot and to all those - including our Armed Forces personnel - for helping to make this happen. It is early days but together we can drive down the virus.Thank you to all of our brilliant scientists at @UniOfOxford, @AstraZeneca & across the UK who are working tirelessly to find a vaccine and to all those who have volunteered to take part in a clinical trial.  This government - and the whole country - are backing you 100%I understand that these measures are tough but they are time-limited.  There is light at the end of the tunnel and we will get through this together.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (5 November 2020)We now have a system of mass testing - starting in the great city of Liverpool - which I believe will help this country defeat this virus.Dependent on the pilots success, we will aim to distribute millions of these new rapid tests between now and Christmas and allow local communities to drive down transmission in their areas. (3/3)These tests will help identify the many thousands of people in the city who dont have symptoms, but who can still infect others without knowing. (2/3)I want to thank Liverpools leaders for volunteering to join the UKs first city-wide population testing pilot and the people of Liverpool for taking part. (1/3)I am deeply shocked by the terrible attacks in Vienna tonight. The UKs thoughts are with the people of Austria - we stand united with you against terror.For the next four weeks I must ask the people of this country to come together, to protect the NHS, and to save lives.10 years on from the historic Lancaster House Treaties, the UKs defence and security partnership with France is stronger than ever. We are neighbours and natural allies, and together we work every single day to make the world a safer place.We will get through this - but we must act now to contain the spread of coronavirus. It is my sincere hope and belief that by taking tough action now, we can allow families across the country to be together.You can read my full statement with further details on the measures announced today here: (10/10)We will get through this - but we must act now to contain the spread of coronavirus.  While Christmas will be very different this year, it is my sincere hope and belief that by taking tough action now, we can allow families across the country to be together. (9/10)I want to thank the millions of people who have been putting up with restrictions for so long. I know how difficult this has been for everyone. (8/10)These measures will be time-limited, starting next Thursday 5 November. They will end on Wednesday 2 December, when we will seek to ease restrictions on a local and regional basis according to the latest data and trends. (7/10)I urge parents to continue taking their children to school and am so grateful to teachers for their dedication in enabling schools to remain open. (6/10)Childcare, early years settings, schools, colleges and universities will all remain open. Our senior clinicians still advise that school is the best place for children to be. (5/10)Single adult households can still form exclusive support bubbles with one other household, and children will still be able to move between homes if their parents are separated. (4/10)You may leave your home for work, for exercise, with your household or on your own with one person from another household, to shop for food and essentials, for medical care and to provide care for others. (3/10)We must take action now to protect our NHS. In England, from Thursday until the start of December, you must stay at home.  Non-essential shops, leisure & entertainment venues will be closed. Pubs, bars & restaurants must close except for takeaway and delivery services. (2/10)In this country, as across much of Europe, the virus is spreading even faster than the reasonable worst case scenario of our scientific advisers.  If we fail to take action, then there is a real risk of depriving non-Covid patients of the care that they need from the NHS (1/10)WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (31 October 2020)Brilliant news that we have recruited an extra 5,824 police officers in the last year. We're on track to hit our target of 6,000 by March 2021 & 20,000 over the next 3 years.  Im committed to keeping our streets safe & supporting our police is at the heart of that commitment.Je suis sous le choc dapprendre la nouvelle de l'attaque barbare au sein de la basilique Notre-Dame Nice. Nos penses vont aux victimes et leurs familles, et le Royaume-Uni est aux cts de la France pour lutter contre la terreur et l'intolrance.I am appalled to hear the news from Nice this morning of a barbaric attack at the Notre-Dame Basilica. Our thoughts are with the victims and their families, and the UK stands steadfastly with France against terror and intolerance.Wonderful news that President Moon @moonriver365 has committed to reaching #NetZero by 2050. South Korea's ambitious pledge shows clear momentum ahead of @COP26 - I look forward to and working together for our planetMy statement on those who tragically lost their lives in the Channel today.Great call with my friend @ScottMorrisonMP this morning. Whether its boosting trade between great nations or developing cutting-edge technology to tackle climate change - the UK and Australia are partners in building back better from coronavirus.Fantastic to visit the Royal Berkshire Hospital with @PrueLeith today, taking forward her recommendations to improve food in our hospitals. An important step to improve our long-term health.Great to see Japans commitment to reach #NetZero by 2050. I look forward to working closely with Prime Minister @sugawitter and @JapanGov to tackle climate change in the run up to @COP26 in Glasgow next yearA historic moment as we formally sign the UK-Japan Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement, marking a new era of friendship between our nations.  This will bring extraordinary opportunities to the UK boosting jobs and prosperity for businesses and consumers.We will not let these difficult times stop us from doing proper honour to those who gave their lives for our freedom and safety. Make sure you buy a poppy this year - be it online or at the supermarket - to support the families of those who have given so much. #EveryPoppyCountsBrilliant news that there are now 13,718 more nurses and 7,810 more doctors than a year ago - these figures show were on course to keep our manifesto commitments. And thank you to the incredible NHS staff who are always there for us, especially in this difficult time.We need to protect jobs, protect livelihoods and put the UK in the strongest position for an economic recovery.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (22 October 2020)We are wrapping our arms around the country to give people the support they need to get through this. That's why @RishiSunak is extending the Job Support Scheme, giving the self-employed more assistance & expanding business grants to support companies in high-alert level areas.Keeping active this year has been challenging for all of us. Thanks to everyone who is working tirelessly to help run activities & sports in these trying times and well done to those who are out there taking part. Keep going!Great to meet some of our Black service personnel yesterday. A reminder during #BlackHistoryMonth that many Black Britons fighting forwere never recognised for their service. Black history is our history - and Britain has been made all the greater for it.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus. (20 October 2020)Congratulations @jacindaardern for winning a second term as New Zealand PM. From our work together to tackle climate change to forging an exciting new trade partnership, the UK and NZ have great things to look forward to in the future.Over the next few weeks, new rapid COVID-19 tests will be trialled across the country. This will enable us to test NHS and care home staff much more frequently.WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus. (16 October 2020)My update on our negotiations with the EU.Good to meet with @Minette_Batters today. I will always support our fantastic farmers, who have worked tirelessly during the pandemic to keep our country fed. Outside the EU we now have the chance to get a better, fairer deal for Britains food and farming sector.Were simplifying and standardising local rules in England by introducing three Local COVID Alert levels, with each level accompanied by proportionate restrictions.  Find out the Local COVID Alert level in your area with the postcode checker:WATCH LIVE: An update on coronavirus (12 October 2020)There is a real risk of a lost generation of girls never returning to school. We cannot let that happen.  Our global recovery from the pandemic must leave no one behind.  On #DayOfTheGirl I urge global action to stand up for every girls right to 12 years of quality education.Today we recognise the local, often unsung heroes, whose hard work and dedication has helped carry us through this pandemic. Their care, compassion and resolve is truly a testament to the sort of country we are.  Congratulations to all Honours recipients.We measure our friendships by how they show up in bad weather. - Sir Winston Churchill  Lets show up for our family, our friends, our colleagues, and our community - and weather the storm together.  #WorldMentalHealthDayCongratulations to the @WFP on winning this years Nobel Peace Prize. The UK is proud to support its life-saving work in fighting hunger and famine worldwide.  #NobelPeacePrizeThe @EarthshotPrize is a fantastic initiative by @KensingtonRoyal, bringing together some of the brightest minds to find solutions to some of the worlds greatest environmental problems.The UK is Ukraines most fervent supporter.  Whether its our defence support, stabilisation efforts, humanitarian assistance or close cooperation on political issues, our message is clear we are utterly committed to upholding Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity.During the pandemic our local, regional and national newspapers have proved indispensable in keeping communities reliably informed and I urge everyone to support the @newsmediaorg Journalism Matters campaign.  #JournalismMattersWe are taking the tough decisions to save lives and protect our NHS through this pandemic. #PMQsWe are going to defeat this virus, and transform this country for the better #BuildBackBetterWe will become the world leader in low cost, clean power generation. In ten years time, offshore wind will be powering every home in the country.  #BuildBackBetter #CPC20It falls to this generation, and this Government, to take this opportunity now to transform our country and #BuildBackBetter  Tune in at 11:30am to watch my speech at Conservative Party conference. #CPC20Brilliant to be at @Octopus_Energy today with @RishiSunak.  It's UK tech companies like Octopus that will ensure we continue to build back greener, pioneering renewable energy globally and leading the path to Net Zero, whilst creating thousands of jobs.Teachers have gone above and beyond throughout these past few months keeping children learning in unprecedented circumstances & crucially getting them back to school this September.  Thank you for all of your hard work and dedication. #WorldTeachersDayWe were elected in 2019 to change this country for the better - and thats what were going to do.  #BuildBackBetter #CPC20From Morpeth to Milton Keynes, we are building 40 new hospitals across England to level up our NHS so more people have top-class healthcare in their local area.  We will build back better with the biggest hospital building programme in a generation.Saturday marks the start of this years  . You can watch our keynote speakers live on @Conservatives channels throughout Conference to hear more about how we're going to #BuildBackBetter. Join us for #CPC20!We will get through this - but only if we work together.  Continue to follow the rules, download the #NHSCOVID19app and together we will fight back against this virus, protect our NHS and save many more lives.My best wishes to President Trump and the First Lady. Hope they both have a speedy recovery from coronavirus.This #BlackHistoryMonth lets say thank you to figures from our past we havent always thanked before.  Black history is our history, and if we all learn from it, we will build a better future for us all. #OurHistoryOurHeroesTogether we will fight back against this virus, protect our NHS, and save many more lives.No matter how impatient we may be, how fed up we may become there is only one way of defeating this virus.  And thats by showing a collective forbearance, common sense and willingness to make sacrifices for the safety of others.Labour see this virus as a good crisis to exploit. We will work to defeat it together and take this country forwardNow is the time to fix the system and to make the fundamental changes that will improve outcomes and outputs for decades to come. My plan to transform our countrys training and skills system:Today were launching the Lifetime Skills Guarantee, so that everybody can get the skills and training they need to move forward, and so we can build back better.This is vital to control the spread of coronavirus and keep everyone safe. If you are in a high risk area, please continue to follow the guidelines from local authorities. (2/2)Apologies, I misspoke today.  In the North East, new rules mean you cannot meet people from different households in social settings indoors, including in pubs, restaurants and your home. You should also avoid socialising with other households outside. (1/2)@BillGates Fantastic to have your support Bill. We will work with our friends around the world to ensure vaccines reach the poorest and deliver our five point plan to protect humanity against another pandemic.Biodiversity loss is happening at a frightening rate, and we must act now to take care of our beautiful countryside and wildlife.#YomKippur this year will be different because of the pandemic, but I would like to extend my very best wishes to all Jews in the UK and across the world. Gmar chatimah tovah.The terrible killing of Sgt Matiu Ratana in Croydon on Friday is a reminder of the risks the police face. Today we mourn those who have laid down their lives to prevent us from coming to harm. They represent the very best of us.  #NPMD20As we redouble our efforts to control the virus this winter, I am pleased we are recognising those who have given so much during the pandemic.  The 2020 Queens Birthday Honours will be the first of many occasions where we can thank them as a nation.WATCH: My Address to the @UN General AssemblyThis morning I am raising a mug for @MacmillanCancer. COVID is affecting all of us- but every one of us knows someone whose life has been affected by cancer. It has never been so important that we do what we can to support those living with this disease. #MacmillanCoffeeMorningMy deepest condolences go to the family, friends and colleagues of the police officer who was killed in Croydon last night.  We owe a huge debt to those who risk their own lives to keep us safe.Sir Harold Evans worked his way up from local papers to become a giant of British journalism. He will always be remembered for exposing the thalidomide scandal and for tirelessly campaigning on behalf of those who were affected.  A true pioneer of investigative journalism.Our police work tirelessly to serve our communities and make our streets safer, often in the most difficult of circumstances.  We are grateful for their vital assistance throughout the pandemic. It was fantastic to meet some of them today in Northampton.Congratulations on your 100th Birthday Lawrence Goodman!  I hugely admire the courage that you and all the Dambusters displayed in your raids against the Nazis.  Millions of people live in peace and freedom because of everything you and your generation achieved.It falls to each of us and every one of us to remember the basics wash our hands, cover our faces, observe social distancing and follow the rules.  Then we can fight back against this virus, shelter our economy and save many more lives.We are making the tough decisions to get this virus down.Never in our history has our collective destiny and our collective health depended so completely on our individual behaviour.  Now is the time for all of us to summon the discipline, the resolve, and the spirit of togetherness that will carry us through.An update on coronavirus.Today I was honoured to attend a service for those who fought in the Battle of Britain 80 years ago.  Their success against the Luftwaffe preserved our freedom and turned the tide of the Second World War.  We will never forget their bravery and sacrifice.  #BattleofBritain80Today I visited the @JennerInstitute at @UniofOxford, where scientists are leading efforts in developing vaccines for the worlds most infectious diseases.Congratulations to @LiamFox for reaching the second round.  With a wealth of experience of institutional reform, and as a passionate advocate for international cooperation and free trade, the WTO would be in excellent hands under his leadership.I know #RoshHashanah will be difficult this year without the close embrace of family, but I also know the Jews of Britain will respond with the same vigour and ingenuity they have displayed throughout this crisis.  Shana Tova and may you be inscribed and sealed for a good year.Very best wishes to my friend @narendramodi on his 70th birthday. I hope to see you soon.We are getting this country through the pandemic and delivering on the peoples priorities #PMQsCongratulations to @sugawitter on becoming Japans Prime Minister. I hope your appointment and the historic Free Trade Agreement we secured last week take the already rock solid relationship between our countries to new heights. !Today we honour all those who served in the Battle of Britain 80 years ago, defending our shores and the world against tyranny.  These are the few to whom we owe so much. They will not be forgotten.  #BattleofBritain80Were introducing tougher sentencing for the most dangerous criminals, making public safety the single most important factor in our criminal justice policy.Its fantastic to see that more than 4,300 have joined the police and more than 100,000 people have applied. We're delivering on our promise to recruit 20,000 officers to make our streets safer.We want a great future relationship and a free trade agreement with the EU - but we will not get there if they seek to divide us.  We must protect the sovereignty and integrity of our United Kingdom.Ive spoken with @Keir_Starmer to pass on my best wishes. Sincerely hope he & his family are well.Bahrain and Israels decision to normalise relations is extremely welcome news and I hope that others will follow to help secure a more peaceful Middle East.The people of Afghanistan deserve to live in peace and security. It is my fervent hope that todays peace talks lead to a more stable and prosperous future and I urge the parties to negotiate in good faith.Lets make the EU take their threats off the table.  And lets get this Bill through, back up our negotiators, and protect our countryWe need to do whatever we can to protect each other.  Remember: wash hands, cover face, make space.  #HandsFaceSpaceThe UK has just signed a major Free Trade Agreement with Japan.  Congratulations to @trussliz and all who took part in these negotiations.  We have taken back control of our trade policy & will continue to thrive as a trading nation outside the EU.Today we remember all those who died, those who survived, and those who continue to grieve Americas darkest of days.  #September11I believe we will beat this virus before too long.  So lets work together and follow the rules. From Monday socialise in groups of no more than six, and remember to wash your hands, cover your face and make space.In England, from Monday, we are introducing the rule of 6. You must not meet socially in groups of more than 6 - and if you do, you will be breaking the law.  We must do what is necessary to stop the spread of the virus and save lives.This #999Day, on behalf of the entire nation, I want to say a huge thank you to the incredible emergency service workers who do so much for us all. You have been working tirelessly throughout the pandemic to save lives thank you.We are getting on with taking the tough decisions in the national interest to move this country forward  #PMQsIll be answering some of your questions about coronavirus.  Ask your questions atRead my statement on our final phase of negotiations with the EU.All my thoughts are with those affected by the terrible incident in Birmingham last night.  My thanks to the emergency services who are working hard at the scene. Anyone with information should contact @WMPoliceA free press is vital in holding the government and other powerful institutions to account on issues critical for the future of our country, including the fight against climate change.  It is completely unacceptable to seek to limit the publics access to news in this way.Brilliant to see @Tesco taking up the Kickstart Scheme and creating new opportunities for young people.  The Kickstart Scheme is just one of the fantastic ways we are building back better across our country.Today I visited the HS2 Interchange site in Solihull, West Midlands. This fantastic project will create thousands of jobs and is at the heart of this governments plans to build back better.Today I visited the HS2 Interchange Site in Solihull, West Midlands. HS2 will create 22,000 new jobs firing up economic growth and helping to rebalance opportunity across this country for years to come.We are investing 500 million to increase testing capacity and develop new coronavirus testing trials.Its outrageous that a chemical weapon was used against Alexey Navalny. We have seen first-hand the deadly consequences of Novichok in the UK. The Russian government must now explain what happened to Mr Navalny we will work with international partners to ensure justice is done.We want to move this country forward #PMQsThroughout the pandemic, so many businesses have done amazing work to support their staff and their community.  And were going to do right by them too.  Follow my LinkedIn page for updates on the latest guidance and support for businesses.We owe young people a huge debt of gratitude for their efforts and patience throughout the pandemic.  The best thing we can do for children now is to get them back into school, where they can learn, grow and see their friends again.Children have had to miss out on so much this year.  Lets get them back into the classroom so they can continue to learn and see their friends again.This week Dr Jenny Harries and I answered some of your questions on what measures are being put in place to ensure that pupils can return safely to school..@AbeShinzo has achieved great things as PM of Japan - for his country and the world. Under his stewardship the UK-Japan relationship has gone from strength to strength in trade, defence and our cultural links. Thank you for all your years of service and I wish you good health.Getting children back to school is so important for their education, wellbeing and future opportunities.  Earlier this month I spoke to Bernadette Matthews, Headteacher at St Josephs Catholic Primary School, about how they are preparing for the return of pupils in September.Today I visited Castle Rock High School in Leicestershire, to see how they are getting students back to school safely this term.  Its absolutely vital that we get children back to school, so they can continue with their education.  #BackToSchoolSafelyWATCH my live address to school students in England.The poisoning of Alexey @Navalny shocked the world. The UK stands in solidarity with him & his family. We need a full, transparent investigation into what happened. The perpetrators must be held accountable & the UK will join international efforts to ensure justice is done.This is why its vitally important that we get our children back into the classroom to learn and to be with their friends. Nothing will have a greater effect on the life chances of our children than returning to school. (4/4)As the Chief Medical Officer has said, the risk of contracting Covid-19 in school is very small and it is far more damaging for a childs development and their health and well-being to be away from school any longer. (3/4)We have always been guided by our scientific and medical experts, and we now know far more about coronavirus than we did earlier this year. (2/4)I have previously spoken about the moral duty to reopen schools to all pupils safely, and I would like to thank the school staff who have spent the summer months making classrooms Covid-secure in preparation for a full return in September. (1/4)Now is the time to get kids back to school.Todays sentencing is an opportunity to reflect on the importance of tolerance, community and kindness values which are fundamental to our country, and which we saw in Manchester in the face of unimaginable tragedy. 5/5I would also like to express my thanks to the police and all those who have worked tirelessly to deliver justice for the families. 4/5My thoughts remain with the survivors, and with the friends and families of victims, who have shown remarkable courage and dignity. 3/5Those who were taken from us will never be forgotten, nor will the spirit of the people of Manchester who came together to send a clear message to the entire world that terrorists will never prevail. 2/5The Manchester Arena attack was a horrifying and cowardly act of violence which targeted children and families.1/5You have literally saved lives through staying at home and keeping distance from others.  Thank you for protecting yourselves, your families and your communities this year. And once again congratulations and well done! (2/2)Congratulations to everyone receiving their GCSE results today.  I know the last few months have been tough and this isn't how you imagined you would be finishing Year 11, but you can be proud of how you helped to keep the virus under control. (1/2)75 years ago, brave men and women from many nations stood together in the Far East to bring an end to the Second World War. They fought for freedom, won the war and secured the peace. Today, as every day, we will remember them. #VJDay75My letter to the veterans who served in the war in the Far East, which ended 75 years ago today.   #VJDay75Tonight I am thinking of the British, Commonwealth and Allied servicemen who, 75 years ago in the Far East, were just hours away from peace.  Tomorrow and everyday, we will remember them.  #VJDay75I was delighted to meet 95 year old Maureen Lightbody in Northern Ireland, and award her a Point of Light.  Maureen is a veteran who served with the Wrens in the Second World War. Her inspiring fundraising has raised over 20,000 for Macmillan Cancer Support. Thank you Maureen.Today Ive been in Northern Ireland, to meet with the First Minister and Deputy First Minister.  Westminster and Stormont have worked closely together throughout the crisis, and we will continue to do so as we recover.Today I visited Northern Ireland to meet with the First and Deputy First Ministers, and to express my thanks to emergency workers who have been working incredibly hard throughout the pandemic.The UAE and Israels decision to normalise relations is hugely good news. It was my profound hope that annexation did not go ahead in the West Bank and todays agreement to suspend those plans is a welcome step on the road to a more peaceful Middle East.We will stand side by side as we build back better, constructing the kind of exciting, strong, prosperous Northern Ireland that all of us want to see.My thoughts are very much with those who lost their lives near Stonehaven today, their families, and, of course, those who have been injured in the derailment.I am saddened to learn of the very serious incident in Aberdeenshire and my thoughts are with all of those affected. My thanks to the emergency services at the scene.I visited Hereford County Hospital today, one of the twenty hospitals getting a major new upgrade thanks to a boost in NHS funding.  Were also making sure A&Es are ready for winter with a 300m package.This morning I visited Hereford County Hospital and saw how extra funding is helping them build new wards and prepare for winter.Today I visited two schools in Upminster to see the steps theyve taken to safely welcome back pupils in September. Its vital that we get children back to school, restore some normality to their lives and ensure they dont miss out on their education because of coronavirus.Great to visit St Josephs Catholic Primary School and Sacred Heart of Mary Girls School today, and find out how they are preparing for the return of all students next month.The UK is committed to supporting the Lebanese people after the explosion in Beirut, and we are pledging another 20m to help the most vulnerable  Thank you @EmmanuelMacron and @AminaJMohammed for convening today's virtual conference on the crisis in Lebanon.Keeping our schools closed a moment longer than is absolutely necessary is socially intolerable, economically unsustainable and morally indefensible.Thank you to all the fantastic businesses across the UK who have been working hard to provide quality services throughout the pandemic.  If youre out shopping or at your local this weekend, please do support our businesses and follow any guidelines in place.Were going to cut the red tape and reform our planning system so we can build better homes faster.Great to be out and about in Ruislip Manor this morning to offer my thanks and support to the fantastic local businesses in my constituency.  Thanks to everyone who stopped to say hello.The current planning system wastes time and taxpayers money. Thats why were going to cut the red tape, overhaul the planning process and build better, greener homes faster..@ShaunBaileyUK wants to make London safer, greener and more affordable. He would be a fantastic Mayor of London and has my vote.I've just spoken to @Douglas4Moray and congratulated him on becoming leader of the @ScotTories. I look forward to working with Douglas to promote Scotland's place in our United KingdomTonight a candle has been lit in memory of John Hume and placed in the door of Downing Street. A symbol to all of us of the peace he was so instrumental in securing, and a reminder of the long-lasting impact he had on the world. #JohnsLightThe pictures and videos from Beirut tonight are shocking. All of my thoughts and prayers are with those caught up in this terrible incident. The UK is ready to provide support in any way we can, including to those British nationals affected.Fantastic to see that tens of thousands of new homes and other vital infrastructure projects have today been given the green light, with nearly 1.3bn of investment.My sincerest condolences go to his devoted wife, Pat, and the rest of the Hume family at this difficult time.His vision paved the way for the stability, positivity and dynamism of the Northern Ireland of today and his passing is a powerful reminder of how far Northern Ireland has come.With his passing we have lost a great man who did so much to help bring an end to the Troubles and build a better future for all.He led the SDLP with great distinction for more than twenty years, driven by a strong sense of social justice, and continued to be a revered figure for many throughout these islands and further afield.For decades he sought resolution of the Troubles in Northern Ireland through dialogue and agreement. Without John Hume there would have been no Belfast or Good Friday Agreement.John Hume was quite simply a political giant. He stood proudly in the tradition that was totally opposed to violence and committed to pursuing his objectives by exclusively peaceful and democratic means.Yorkshire - the home of Yorkshire tea, the beautiful Yorkshire Dales and some of the friendliest people in the UK. Have a fantastic Yorkshire Day everybody! #YorkshireDayFolks, if we all remember to do these three things, then we can keep the virus under control. Wash your hands, cover your face, and keep your space from those not in your household.  #HandsFaceSpaceIn order to keep the virus under control, were postponing some of the changes we were hoping to make in August.  Read my full statement:There are some very simple ways we can all protect ourselves and others from the spread of coronavirus.  Wash your hands, cover your face & make space. #HandsFaceSpaceToday I visited North Yorkshire Police to thank them for their hard work throughout the pandemic, and to meet with new recruits.  Police work diligently every day to keep us safe, and I want to thank all new recruits for joining the service and being part of this heroic effort.I want to wish Muslims here in the UK and around the world the very best for Eid al-Adha.  #EidMubarakWere going to make it easier than ever to cycle around, with new cycle routes and vouchers for bike repairs.  Together we can reduce the pollution and noise on our streets, and move towards a cleaner, greener Britain.Cycling and walking have a huge role in tackling some of the health and environmental challenges that we face.  Our 2bn cycling strategy will encourage more cycling with thousands of miles of new bike lanes, and training for those who want to learn.Losing weight is hard but with some small changes we can all feel fitter and healthier. If we all do our bit, we can reduce our health risks and protect ourselves against coronavirus as well as taking pressure off the NHS.  Our Better Health StrategyWhen I entered Downing Street, I pledged to support our teachers, nurses and police. Thank you to Emma @sussex_police, Hollie @NandM_Keele, Vicky @WandleEnglish, and all our fantastic public servants who make this country the best place in the world to live.I took on the challenge of listing as many of the governments achievements as possible within 2 minutes. Watch how I did here.A year ago, I stood on the steps of Downing Street and pledged to get Brexit done, and unite and level up the country.  Its been a year of extraordinary and unprecedented challenges. But I believe we can be proud of our country and what weve achieved togetherToday we've announced the roll out of the most comprehensive programme of free flu vaccines, making these available for more people than ever before. It's so important that we all get the flu vaccine, to protect ourselves and our NHS.We've got a fantastic, strong, united country. We're going to bounce forward together, stronger together.While our brilliant @TeamGB athletes will have to wait another year for their chance at Olympic glory, I know that come next year, they will be ready to take Tokyo by storm! Bring it on  #OneYearToGo #Tokyo2020It's a year since I stood on the steps of Downing St as the Prime Minister of this great country.  In the face of so many challenges this year, we can be proud of what we have achieved together.  We will continue to deliver on the people's prioritiesYesterday I chaired the first meeting of our new Commission on Race and Ethnic Disparities.  Thank you to all the members - I hope this will really make the difference that we need right now.Weve made great strides towards our net zero target over the last year, but its more important than ever that we keep up the pace of change to fuel a green, sustainable recovery as we rebuild from the pandemic.It was a pleasure to welcome @SecPompeo to Downing Street today. We reaffirmed our countries strong relationship and commitment to working together on the fight against coronavirus, shared security concerns and a UK-US free trade agreement.Weve kept our promises. We have recruited thousands of nurses & police officers, and invested billions more in our NHS & schools.  Of course there is much more to do. As we begin to recover from this pandemic, we will not lose sight of the country we have promised to buildI was delighted to meet with students & teachers at the Discovery Primary School yesterday.  Weve announced a 2.2bn package to help teachers support those who may have fallen behind, and to deliver a superb education for every student.Our teachers, doctors, armed forces personnel, and public sector workers have responded to the unprecedented challenges of coronavirus.  To recognise their efforts on the front line, we will be increasing their pay this year.This is very positive news. A huge well done to our brilliant, world-leading scientists & researchers at @UniofOxford. There are no guarantees, were not there yet & further trials will be necessary - but this is an important step in the right direction.Im here today visiting Discovery Primary School in Kent, where Ive been speaking with students and teachers.  Were delivering on our promise to increase per pupil funding for every student, with an additional 2.2 billion funding boost for schools in England.As our lives slowly return to normal, there are some precautions we must take. From next Friday in England, we must all wear a face covering in shops and supermarkets, as well as on public transport. This will protect others and help stop the spread.We're making sure the NHS has the resources it needs to prepare for winter. But even as we plan for the worst, I strongly believe we should also hope for the best.This weekend, many of us will be seeing friends, going to the pub or going out to restaurants. As we open the economy back up, we must remember to follow social distancing guidelines. Keep yourself, your family and your community safe.9: But it has to be right that we take local action in response to local outbreaks - there is no point shutting down a city in one part of the country to contain an outbreak in another part of the country.8: I know that it will be hard going for people affected by these local measures. It isnt easy, and for some it may seem unjust that people just a short distance away can live their lives closer to normal.7: Where justified by evidence, ministers will be able to close whole sectors or types of premises in an area, introduce local stay at home orders, prevent people entering or leaving defined areas, reduce maximum gathering size, or restrict transport systems serving local areas.6: Action by local councils will not always be sufficient, so next week we will publish draft regulations explaining how central government can intervene at a local level.5: From today, local authorities will have new powers in their areas, to close specific premises, shut public outdoor spaces, and cancel events.  This will enable them to act more quickly in response to outbreaks, where speed is paramount.4: In Leicester, we instituted a local lockdown in order to bear down on stubborn rates of infection. We will begin to relax the restrictions there next week. We can do so because the data is improving.3: In Bradford and Blackburn with Darwen, we identified troubling trends in the data and worked closely with the respective local authorities to increase testing and take targeted action. That work continues.2: This work is led by NHS Test and Trace in England. Our approach is already working.  In Weston-super-Mare and Kirklees, we took swift and successful action to contain outbreaks at specific premises.1: Our understanding of the epidemiology of coronavirus and intelligence on where it is spreading has vastly improved. This means we can control it through targeted, local action.Today I announced the next chapter in our coronavirus recovery strategy. Read my full statement here:Arise Sir Tom! So richly deserved - you have inspired the whole nation with your fantastic fundraising efforts. @captaintommooreToday I have announced the next stage in the UK Government's coronavirus recovery strategy. Read my full statement here:We're getting on with delivering our agenda for the country and taking it forward.  We'll do absolutely everything in our power to prevent a second spike which could overwhelm the NHS.Yesterday I spoke to the incredible staff at the London Ambulance Service, who work so hard to save lives.  Thank you to all the ambulance staff across the UK, for all of your hard work and support throughout this pandemic.Congratulations to @AndrzejDuda on your re-election as President of Poland. The UK and Poland have a long, shared history and friendship in Europe, NATO and elsewhere. I look forward to that continuing as we face the challenges and opportunities ahead.Today I visited the London Ambulance Service to thank them for all their work during the coronavirus pandemic.  We're introducing tougher penalties for aggressive and violent behaviour towards emergency services workers protecting those who care for us in our time of need.It was fantastic to be back answering your questions at #PeoplesPMQs yesterday. You can watch the full episode here:As we return to the many pubs, restaurants and sports grounds that we love, we must continue to follow the COVID Secure guidelines.  They may take some time to get used to, but by observing them we are all doing our bit to keep ourselves, our families and our communities safe.Jack Charlton was a football great whose achievements brought happiness to so many. My sympathies are with his family and friends.Police are always there for us, protecting our neighbourhoods and putting themselves at risk so that we can be safe. Its a job that demands true courage, perseverance and devotion to others.  Im delighted that so many have answered the call to serve.25 years ago, Europe witnessed the worst atrocity on its soil since the Second World War - the genocide in Srebrenica, Bosnia. Today we mourn and remember the victims of those terrible crimes and stand with the families in their fight for justice. #Srebrenica25A farewell befitting a truly great Briton, whose voice and charm will live on to lift the hearts of generations to come.It was great to visit some local businesses in Uxbridge today, and see how theyve been working hard to make their premises COVID-19 Secure.  If youre out this weekend be sure to follow the guidelines on social distancing. #StayAlertWatch me answer your questions in the latest #PeoplesPMQs80 years ago today our brave airmen took to the skies to defend this country. It was these few, as Churchill said, who turned the tide of the war and defended these islands from fascism and tyranny.  Today we remember their bravery and sacrifice. #BattleOfBritainYour final months of school have coincided with the greatest crisis our country has faced since the Second World War. Thanks to your sacrifice, we have saved hundreds of thousands of lives.  And we cant wait to see the new world that youre going to help us to build.Tomorrow Ill be hosting another episode of the #PeoplesPMQs.  Send me your questions here:Im delighted to see record numbers of nurses and midwives now working in our NHS as we work towards delivering 50,000 more nurses in this parliament. Nurses have saved countless lives during the pandemic and we are so grateful for all that they do for us, and for our NHS.No one who was in London on 7 July 2005 will ever forget what they experienced that day.  As we remember those who were lost and pledge once again to support those who survived, our message is as clear and simple as it was 15 years ago. We are not afraid.Over the weekend I welcomed staff from St Thomas hospital who looked after me whilst I had coronavirus at Downing Street. It was wonderful to celebrate the NHSs 72nd birthday with some of those who have done so much in the fight against the virus.Weve announced a 1.57 billion package to support our brilliant theatre and creative sectors. There will have to be some creativity in making our theatres COVID-19 Secure, but we can do it and were working very hard with the sector to get it done.Today we remember all those who lost their lives in the London bombings, 15 years ago.  My heart goes out to all those who were there that day, living still with the memory of those horrific events, and all those grieving loved ones.Today I visited the site of a new factory in East Yorkshire which will be building tube trains for the London Underground. This project will create over 2,000 jobs and is just one example of how we're using infrastructure, technology and education to unite & level up our country.This evening I was honoured to host those who looked after me at St Thomas Hospital at Downing Street, as we celebrate 72 years of our incredible NHS.Thank you to the whole NHS family and all of our carers for all you have done and continue to do to keep us well and cared for.  In these past few months, indeed the past 72 years, you have represented the very best of this country. Our gratitude to you will be eternal. #NHS72We will not just bounce back, we will bounce forward. Stronger, better and more united than ever before.A very happy birthday to our National Health Service! #ThankYouNHSThe NHS represents the very best of us and we will always be there to support it.As pubs and restaurants open across England today, its absolutely vital that everyone follows the rules on social distancing. Weve worked so hard and together saved so many lives. Stick to the rules this weekend, keep apart from others and wash your hands several times a day.Places of worship have been working hard to make their buildings COVID-19 Secure, but please check yours is ready before you leave home and work with them to make sure you and your loved ones stay safe.Places of worship are at the heart of so many communities, which is why I am delighted that thousands of churches, mosques, synagogues, gurdwaras and temples are preparing to welcome back their congregations safely for communal prayer and religious practice.Our goal remains to enable as many people as possible to live their lives as close to normally as possible in a way which is as fair and as safe as possible.Lets all stay alert, control the virus, save lives and enjoy summer safely.As we cautiously come out of hibernation, it is absolutely vital for us to set out the way ahead.  We are launching a ten-year plan to build more schools and facilities, and reforming the planning system so that we can build the homes we need.Today I spoke to business leaders who are supporting the government's #EnjoySummerSafely campaign.  As more hospitality and leisure businesses open from this weekend, everybody must follow the COVID-19 Secure guidelines wherever they are to protect themselves and others.Earlier this week, I was honoured to speak to members of the ambulance service in the North East about how they have responded to the coronavirus pandemic. Thank you all, so much, for your work throughout the pandemic.We are committed not only to defeating coronavirus, but also to tackling the great unresolved challenges of our time.  To build more homes, invest in our NHS, schools & police, and to mend the gap in opportunity, productivity and connectivity between the regions of the UK.The NHS represents the very best of us, and we will always be there to support it.We have a mission to unite and to level up our country, by getting people back into work and getting the virus under control.Were investing an additional 14bn in schools and launching a ten year school building programme, so that every child can receive a fantastic education and opportunities to succeed.This is the moment to be ambitious, to believe in Britain and to rise to the scale of the challenge and the opportunity.We will build the foundations now for future prosperity, to make this country the best place in the world to liveToo many parts of this country have felt left behind.  I want you to know that this government is on your side, and we have a plan to unite and level up the whole country.Today I have set out a new deal for Britain, to deliver jobs, skills and infrastructure.  Read more here:I've just spoken with Sir Peter Soulsby, Mayor of Leicester, on the response to the local outbreak.  We've agreed to stay in close contact as we monitor the situation & I want to thank the people of Leicester for their forbearance which is vital in controlling the virus.As we bounce back from the pandemic, its important we lay the foundations for a country where everyone has the opportunity to succeed. This 1 billion investment will make sure our schools and colleges are fit for the future, with better facilities and brand new buildings.Earlier this week, I visited Pizza Pilgrims with Chancellor @RishiSunak, to see first-hand the measures they are putting in place to protect customers and staff from coronavirus.We want to build our way back to health. If Covid was a lightning flash, were about to have the thunderclap of the economic consequences. Were going to be ready. Read my full interview with The Mail on Sunday here:Whilst we have been able to carefully ease some restrictions, we must #StayAlert to the very real risks of coronavirus.  I would urge everyone to please remain vigilant this weekend and stick to the social distancing guidelines. If we let our guard down, cases will rise.While nothing can properly mirror the joy of Pride celebrations in our towns and cities, #GlobalPride is a unique opportunity for people to connect with one another, in unity, across all nations. I send my best wishes to all in the LGBT community celebrating today.Businesses all over the country are getting ready to open their doors again on the 4 July.  Yesterday I heard from @PizzaPilgrims staff about how theyre making their restaurant COVID-19 Secure so customers can enjoy their pizza safely.We proudly salute our Armed Forces  #ArmedForcesDayCongratulations to Ireland on forming a new Government and to @MichealMartinTD on becoming Taoiseach. Ireland is our closest neighbour, good friend and ally on issues such as climate change, the global fight against Covid-19 and our shared values on human rights and democracy.Deeply saddened by the terrible incident in Glasgow, my thoughts are with all the victims and their families.  Thank you to our brave emergency services who are responding.From today, you can see all the data we used to present at the press conferences on the new public dashboard here. This will be updated daily.Fantastic news that we are recruiting so many more doctors and nurses to our NHS.  There are now 6,000 more doctors than a year ago, and 12,000 more nurses.The government has asked a huge amount of all of you, and you have met that challenge with good humour and common sense.  Of course, the fight is far from over. We must all continue to stay alert to the risk of infection, and maintain social distancing.From July 4 in England, pubs, restaurants, hair salons, and many other businesses will be allowed to reopen - provided they can do so in a way that is COVID-secure, keeping customers and staff safe.From 4 July, your household will be able to meet with one other household at a time, including staying over. You should still remain socially distant from anyone outside your household. #StayAlertFrom July 4, we will move from 2 metres to 1 metre plus. This means staying one metre apart, plus mitigations which reduce the risk of transmission.  #StayAlertYou can read my full statement to Parliament here:From 4 July we will be easing some restrictions in England. Where its not possible to stay two metres apart, people will be advised to keep one metre apart plus mitigations, such as wearing a face covering or ensuring you face away from others.I was honoured to meet with members of Britains Caribbean Community at Downing Street today, on the 72nd anniversary of the arrival of the Empire Windrush to Britain.  #WindrushDay72 years ago today the Windrush generation began to arrive in the UK. They contributed greatly to rebuilding post-war Britain. Today we celebrate members of the Windrush generation and their descendants, and their fantastic contribution to Britain. #WindrushDayIm appalled and sickened that people should lose their lives in this way. Our thoughts are with the families and friends of the victims.  Thank you to Thames Valley Police for their bravery in tackling the suspect.My thoughts are with all of those affected by the appalling incident in Reading and my thanks to the emergency services on the scene.It was fantastic to answer the questions of children at Bovingdon Primary Academy yesterday, and talk to them about the governments new 1 billion fund to support schools and children across England.Earlier today I went to Bovingdon Academy to see how they are safely getting kids back into school. Our 1 billion fund is going to help schools catch up and bounce forward when all schools come back in September.Aujourd'hui, jai accueilli @EmmanuelMacron @10DowningStreet pour le 80e anniversaire de lappel du gnral Charles de Gaulle du 18 juin. Nous n'oublierons jamais les sacrifices faits pour notre libert.  Nos pays seront jamais voisins et amis, unis par nos valeurs communes.Today I hosted @EmmanuelMacron at @10DowningStreet for the 80th anniversary of General Charles de Gaulles Appeal of 18 June. We will never forget the sacrifices that were made for our freedom.  Our countries will forever be neighbours and friends, united by our shared values.Welcome to Downing Street, President @EmmanuelMacronThank you to all the fantastic NHS staff I spoke to from Charing Cross Hospital, for all you have done throughout the coronavirus pandemic.Dame Vera Lynns charm and magical voice entranced and uplifted our country in some of our darkest hours. Her voice will live on to lift the hearts of generations to come.Earlier this week, I was delighted to have an insightful conversation with staff at Charing Cross Hospital. Thank you for all your hard work during this pandemic, and for all that you do to save lives and care for others in need.  #ThankYouNHSThe four men we are honouring today Pierre, Edgard, Daniel and Hubert symbolise the enduring depth and strength of the friendship between the UK and France. They are heroes who defended us and the whole world from fascism.Im proud to call the United Kingdom a friend of New Zealand, and am thrilled that we now have the opportunity to strengthen our alliance by negotiating a new free trade agreement.There are few countries in the world who share a closer friendship than Australia and the UK.  Now, as an independent trading nation for the first time in decades, we have the opportunity to turn our shared history and friendship into a world-leading free trade agreement.@AmyCallaghanSNP My thoughts are with Amy and her family. I wish her a speedy and full recovery.And if you are feeling lonely or struggling with your mental health, please reach out for help:   #LonelinessAwarenessWeek (2/2)I know that the lockdown restrictions have been difficult, and that many will be suffering from loneliness and feelings of isolation.  If you know someone who may be alone at this time, give them a call and let them know that you care. #LonelinessAwarenessWeek (1/2)I was delighted to meet those working at Westfield shopping centre, Stratford, where I saw adjustments being made to ensure customers can shop safely.  This week, as shops start reopening in England, remember to follow social distancing rules to protect yourself and others.Today I visited Westfield shopping centre in east London, to meet some of the people who work there. They've been working very hard to get ready to reopen tomorrow when we're hoping people will return to the shops.While those affected by Grenfell are not able to gather in person, I want you to know that all of us in this country are with you in spirit.  I remain absolutely committed to uncovering the causes of this tragedy, and ensuring it is never repeated.Racist thuggery has no place on our streets. Anyone attacking the police will be met with full force of the law. These marches & protests have been subverted by violence and breach current guidelines. Racism has no part in the UK and we must work together to make that a reality.The only responsible course of action is to stay away from these protests. 8/8But it is clear that the protests have been sadly hijacked by extremists intent on violence. The attacks on the police and indiscriminate acts of violence which we have witnessed over the last week are intolerable and they are abhorrent. 7/8Whatever progress this country has made in fighting racism - and it has been huge - we all recognise that there is much more work to do. 6/8As for the planned demonstrations, we all understand the legitimate feelings of outrage at what happened in Minnesota and the legitimate desire to protest against discrimination. 5/8They had different perspectives, different understandings of right and wrong. But those statues teach us about our past, with all its faults. To tear them down would be to lie about our history, and impoverish the education of generations to come. 4/8We cannot now try to edit or censor our past. We cannot pretend to have a different history. The statues in our cities and towns were put up by previous generations. 3/8It is absurd and shameful that this national monument should today be at risk of attack by violent protestors. Yes, he sometimes expressed opinions that were and are unacceptable to us today, but he was a hero, and he fully deserves his memorial. 2/8The statue of Winston Churchill in Parliament Square is a permanent reminder of his achievement in saving this country and the whole of Europe from a fascist and racist tyranny. 1/8From this weekend, single adult households, including single parents with children under 18, can form a support bubble with one other household.  We are making this intervention so that those who have been living alone for a long time can reconnect with loved ones.Earlier this week I spoke to members of staff at Foxholes Care Home in Hertfordshire, to thank them all for their work throughout the coronavirus pandemic and beyond.  #CarersWeekWe must all continue to remember those on the frontline battling this disease, and members of society who are vulnerable - and continue to do all we can to stop the spread of coronavirus.  By doing the right thing and following the rules, you are helping to save lives.I want to say thank you, from the bottom of my heart, to all carers in the UK helping us through this pandemic.  Whether you work as a carer, or are caring for someone at home, your compassion and strength at this time is a beacon of hope for us all.   #CarersWeekLet us work peacefully and lawfully to defeat racism and discrimination wherever we find it, and let us continue to work together as we put Britain back on its feet.People have a right to protest peacefully & while observing social distancing but they have no right to attack the police. These demonstrations have been subverted by thuggery - and they are a betrayal of the cause they purport to serve. Those responsible will be held to account.Together we have made it through the peak, but were not yet back to normal. Please continue to #StayAlert, keep 2 metres away from others and wash your hands regularly.  If you have symptoms of coronavirus, self-isolate and apply for a home testing kit:We all have a part to play in stopping the spread of coronavirus.  Lets continue to take extra care by keeping 2 metres apart and washing our hands regularly.  #StayAlertThe virus spreads more easily indoors, so if you are meeting others today, stay outside and keep 2 metres away at all times.We all need to #StayAlert, act responsibly, and strictly observe social distancing rules.  Do not meet others inside your home. Stay outdoors, keep 2 metres apart, and wash your hands regularly.If you are contacted by an NHS contact tracer who tells you that you have been in contact with someone who has tested positive for coronavirus, you must self-isolate for 14 days. If everyone follows these guidelines, we can control the virus, protect our NHS and save lives.Today I am thinking of the men who landed on the beaches of Normandy 76 years ago, who fought and died so that we can be free from the evils of fascism.  We will always be grateful for their courage, and we will always remember their sacrifice. #DDay76 #DDayThank you for all you have been doing to fight the spread of this virus, and to protect our NHS.  We can beat this together.If you are contacted by an NHS contract tracer who tells you that you have been in contact with someone who has tested positive, you must self-isolate for 14 days.  If everyone follows these guidelines, we can control the spread of the virus, protect our NHS and save lives. 2/2If you have coronavirus symptoms (a high temperature, a new continuous cough, or a loss or change to sense of taste or smell) you need to self-isolate and get tested. There is plenty of capacity and anyone with symptoms is eligible. Order a test from 1/2Were reminded on #WorldEnvironmentDay that nobody can do this alone. Thats why we must move towards a greener, cleaner, and more resilient future, and the UK looks forward to working with countries around the world in the run up to @COP26 in Glasgow next year. 4/4As we come through this pandemic and begin to rebuild our economies, its time to invest in the industries, infrastructure and jobs that will endure any storm or even another virus so we bounce back stronger than before. 3/4This period has undoubtedly increased our gratitude for and appreciation of the green spaces and nature around us providing us with respite during such difficult times. 2/4Whilst we are all rightly focused on beating coronavirus, we cannot lose sight of the need to protect our people and our planet from the devastating threat of climate change and biodiversity loss if nothing is done. 1/42/2: Together we rise to fulfil the greatest shared endeavour of our lifetimes: the triumph of humanity over disease, now and for the generations that follow.1/2: It was a privilege to host yesterdays Global Vaccine Summit, bringing together countries to vaccinate against the worlds deadliest diseases. The Summit has raised an incredible $8.8bn for @Gavi.Lets continue to fight this virus by staying alert, keeping 2 metres away from others, and regularly washing our hands.  #StayAlertToday I call on countries to back @Gavi, the Global Vaccine Alliance.  Lets fortify this lifesaving alliance and inaugurate a new era of global health co-operation, which I believe is now the most essential shared endeavour of our lifetimes.We all have a role to play in beating this virus. Thank you for all that you are doing.  #StayAlertI have no doubt that the British public will continue to show the same resolve in fighting the virus as they have throughout the outbreak.  We will get through this if we stay alert, control the virus, and in doing so save lives.If you are experiencing symptoms of #coronavirus, you should self-isolate and ask for a test.  Home testing kits are available for anyone with symptoms and members of their household.  You can apply for a test here:Thank you for all that you are doing to fight this virus.  As we begin to ease some restrictions, its important that we #StayAlert to the risk of infection, and stay 2 metres away from others.Britain wants nothing more than for Hong Kong to succeed under one country, two systems. I hope that China wants the same. Let us work together to make it so.If you are contacted by NHS Test and Trace, follow their instructions and self-isolate.  This will help to contain the spread of the virus, protect our NHS and move us closer towards a more normal way of life.  #StayAlertIf you have symptoms of #coronavirus, you should self-isolate and get yourself tested.  Symptoms include:  a high temperature  a new continuous cough  change or loss of smell or taste  To book a test visit:During #VolunteersWeek I want to say a big thank you to all the volunteers across the UK.  Whether youve helped a neighbour with their shopping, or delivered supplies to local hospitals, your kindness and compassion has been admired by us all.  Keep going, and thank you.At the start of #PrideMonth, I want to thank those in the LGBT community and campaigners for their inspirational work, in fighting tirelessly to overcome the prejudices many face.  Your contribution has helped shape a better future for people in the UK and around the world.You are eligible for a test if you have #coronavirus symptoms:  a high temperature  a new continuous cough  loss or change to your sense of smell or taste More information here:As we begin to ease some restrictions in England today, its important that we all #StayAlert to the risk of coronavirus.  Remember to wash your hands, stay 2 metres apart, and if you have symptoms, self-isolate and get tested.From today, in England, you will be allowed to meet up to five friends in public outdoor places or in your garden. This will be a moment of joy and relief for many.  Please remember to keep 2 metres away from those you dont live with, and wash your hands regularly.I know many of you will be enjoying the warmer weather today.  If youre out exercising or meeting a friend, remember to stay 2 metres apart and wash your hands regularly.  #StayAlertThanks to our collective national effort, we have protected our NHS and saved many lives.  Lets continue to fight this virus by staying alert and keeping 2 metres apart. #StayAlertAs we begin to ease some restrictions, its so important that we continue to stay alert to the risk of infection.  Keep 2 metres away from others and wash your hands regularly.    #StayAlertOn International Day of UN Peacekeepers, I want to pay my tribute to the Blue Helmets and many others who do so much to bring peace in areas of the world torn apart by conflict.  #PKDayFrom Monday, we will allow up to 6 people to meet outside provided those from different households continue to strictly observe social distancing rules by staying 2 metres apart.  #StayAlertBut I must stress that to control the virus, everyone needs to stay alert, act responsibly and strictly observe social distancing rules by staying two metres apart from those who you do not live with. (3/3)These changes mean friends and family can start to meet their loved ones - perhaps seeing both parents at once, or both grandparents at once. I know that for many this will be a long-awaited and joyful moment. (2/3)From Monday we will allow up to six people to meet outside, provided those from different households continue strictly to observe social distancing rules by staying two metres apart. (1/3)Thanks to your resolve and dedication, the five tests are being met and we can now start to ease some restrictions in England.  As places begin to reopen, we must all continue to #StayAlert and keep 2 metres away from others.Todays clap for carers marks 10 weeks of celebrating our wonderful NHS and carers in this way.  I want to thank each and every one of our wonderful NHS and care workers for the incredible, selfless work they do to look after us all.If we are to defeat COVID-19, achieve a global recovery and avoid a future pandemic, then we must work together across borders.Together we have made it through the peak, but were not yet back to normal. Please continue to #StayAlert and keep 2 metres away from others when outside.We all have a role to play in beating coronavirus.  #StayAlert, control the virus, save lives.Were past the peak, but we cant get complacent.  Stay alert, keep 2 metres away from others and wash your hands regularly. #StayAlertIf you have symptoms of #coronavirus, you are eligible for testing. To book a test visit:In line with the approach being taken by many other countries, we want to start getting our children back into the classroom, in a way that is as safe as possible.If you have symptoms of #coronavirus, you should self-isolate and get yourself tested.  To book a test visit:If you have symptoms of #coronavirus, you should self-isolate and get yourself tested.  Symptoms include:  a high temperature  a new continuous cough  change or loss of smell or taste  To book a test visit:Seven years on from his murder on a London street, we remember Fusilier Lee Rigby. On this sad day, my thoughts are with his family, friends and colleagues.Its so important we all continue to stay alert and follow the rules.  Keep 2 metres from others. Wash your hands regularly.  Self-isolate immediately if you develop a new continuous cough, a high temperature or a change or loss of your sense of taste or smell. #StayAlertToday, on the third anniversary of the Manchester Arena attack, we remember the 22 lives which were so cruelly taken. My thoughts are with all of those grieving for the loss of their loved ones.Yesterday I hosted the Hidden Harms Summit at 10 Downing Street, to discuss how we can tackle crimes like domestic abuse and modern slavery.Thank you to all of our wonderful carers for your work during the coronavirus pandemic. You make us all proud to have such a fantastic NHS.Today I hosted a summit to explore how we can ensure that all children and adults are protected and supported during this challenging time.  It is vital that we come together and bring all our collective expertise to ensure we do everything we can to support those at risk.We must all continue to #StayAlert, and follow the rules on social distancing.We are making vast progress in testing and tracing, and I have great confidence that we will have a system very soon that will help us defeat this disease..@captaintommoore you have inspired us all with your fantastic fundraising efforts.  On behalf of the whole country, I want to say a huge thank you.I know this has been a tough time for so many people. Thank you for all of the sacrifices you have made.  We are past the peak, and Im confident that if we continue to follow the rules and work together, we will beat this virus and be reunited with our friends and family soon.Thank you for all you are doing to fight this virus.  Lets keep going. #StayAlertThe common sense of the British people got us through that first phase of this disease. I am absolutely confident it will get us through the next as well. #StayAlertThank you for all that you are doing. Please #StayAlert and continue to follow the government guidelines:These are difficult times for all. Talking to others about how we are feeling and reaching out to those in need has never been more important.  If you are struggling, or are worried about someone, reach out for help:  #MentalHealthAwarenessWeekWe can beat this virus together but only if we stay alert.I know this will not be easy the first baby steps never are. But I hope that, when we look back, the changes we have made this week will be seen as an important moment on the road to our nations recovery.We all have a role to play in containing the virus.  Read the latest government advice here:  #StayAlertThis weekend, we must all continue to stay alert and control the virus. #StayAlertLike the front windows of houses across the nation, our window at Downing Street is filled with rainbows drawn by children in support of the NHS.  Thank you to all the families who have sent in their drawings to be displayed. They are a symbol of hope for us all. #ThankYouNHSWe can beat this virus together - but only if we all continue to #StayAlert and follow the rules on social distancing.Thank you to those wonderful people who care for all of us when we need it the most. Tonight, we clapped for all of you.  #ThankYouNHS #ClapForCarersWe all have a role to play in containing the virus.  Read the latest government advice here:  #StayAlertThank you for all that you have been doing so far.  Lets keep going.There could be no greater mistake than to jeopardise everything we have striven to achieve by proceeding too far and too fast.  We must all continue to #StayAlert, so that we can control the virus and save lives.Everybody has a role to play in keeping the R down, by staying alert and following the rules.We can help control the virus if we all stay alert. #StayAlertWe will come back from this. And though the United Kingdom will be changed by this experience, I believe we can be stronger and better than ever before. #StayAlertWe are asking people to stay alert, control the virus and save lives.  #StayAlertWe will beat this virus together.  Please continue to stay alert, and follow the latest guidelines:  #StayAlertWe must continue to stay alert, control the virus and save lives.  Read the latest government advice here:We have published a roadmap for how and when the UK government will adjust our response to the COVID-19 crisis.  You can read it here:  #StayAlertWe must continue to control the virus and save lives.  Read the latest government advice here:  #StayAlertOn #InternationalNursesDay, I pay tribute to Florence Nightingale, pioneer of modern nursing, who was born 200 years ago today.  Thank you to all of our amazing nurses in the UK who are taking care of us, especially in this very difficult time. You are the very best of us.Do you want to ask me a question at todays Downing Street Q&A? If so, you can submit yours here:Read my full remarks from this evening here:  #StayAlertThough the UK will be changed by this experience, I believe we can be stronger and better than ever before. More resilient, more innovative, more economically dynamic, but also more generous and more sharing. But for now we must #StayAlert, control the virus and save lives.When I think of the millions of everyday acts of kindness and thoughtfulness that are being performed across this country, and that have helped to get us through this first phase, I know that we can use this plan to get us through the next. #StayAlertIf we as a nation begin to fulfil the conditions I have set out, then in the next few weeks and months we may be able to go further. We are driven by the science, the data and public health. It depends on all of us the entire country to #StayAlert to keep the R down.Step 3: At the earliest by July - subject to these conditions and further scientific advice; if and only if the numbers support it we will hope to re-open at least some of the hospitality industry and other public places, if they are safe and enforce social distancing #StayAlertStep 2: At the earliest, by June 1 after half term we believe we may be in a position to begin the phased reopening of shops and to get primary pupils back into schools, in stages, beginning with reception, Year 1 and Year 6. #StayAlertAnd from this Wednesday, we want to encourage people to take more and even unlimited amounts of outdoor exercise. You can sit in the sun in your local park, you can drive to other destinations, you can even play sports but only with members of your own household. #StayAlertSo work from home if you can, but you should go to work if you cant work from home. To ensure you are safe at work we have been working to establish new guidance for employers to make workplaces COVID-secure. #StayAlertStep 1: We said that you should work from home if you can, and only go to work if you must. We now need to stress that anyone who cant work from home, for instance those in construction or manufacturing, should be actively encouraged to go to work. #StayAlertAnd so no, this is not the time simply to end the lockdown this week. Instead we are taking the first careful steps to modify our measures. #StayAlertWhen I look at where we are tonight, we have the R below one, between 0.5 and 0.9 but potentially only just below one. And though we have made progress in satisfying at least some of the conditions I have given, we have by no means fulfilled all of them. #StayAlertWith every day we are getting more and more data. We are shining the light of science on this invisible killer, and we will pick it up where it strikes. Our new system will be able in time to detect local flare-ups in your area as well as giving us a national picture. #StayAlertOver the period of the lockdown we have been in Level Four, and it is thanks to your sacrifice we are now in a position to begin to move in steps to Level Three. And as we go, everyone will have a role to play in keeping the R down. We must all #StayAlert and follow the rules.There will be five alert levels. Level One means the disease is no longer present in the UK. Level Five is the most critical the kind of situation we could have had if the NHS had been overwhelmed. #StayAlertThe higher the level, the tougher and stricter we will have to be. #StayAlertIn turn that COVID Alert Level will tell us how tough we have to be in our social distancing measures the lower the level, the fewer the measures. #StayAlertTHREAD  To chart our progress and to avoid going back to square one, we are establishing a new COVID Alert System run by a new Joint Biosecurity Centre. That COVID Alert Level will be determined primarily by R and the number of coronavirus cases. #StayAlertDo you want to ask me a question tomorrow?  If so, you can submit yours here:An important update to the nation on coronavirus:As we start to recover from #coronavirus, we all need to play our part by following the rules. This is how to #StayAlertEveryone has a role to play in helping to control the virus by staying alert and following the rules. This is how we can continue to save lives as we start to recover from coronavirus. #StayAlertThank you for all that you are doing. We cannot risk a second peak that would overwhelm the NHS, so lets keep going.I know this has been a difficult time for many. If you are struggling with your mental health, or are worried about a friend or family member, there is help available.Thank you for all you are doing to protect our NHS and save lives.  This bank holiday weekend, please stay at home, so we dont undo everything thats been done so far.Today I had the honour and privilege of speaking with Ernie, 102, who served in World War II.  Thank you Ernie. We are a free people today because of what you and your generation did.  #VEDay75Thank you for all that you are doing to protect our NHS and save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesI observed two minutes silence in remembrance of those who fell for the cause of freedom in the Second World War, which ended in Europe 75 years ago today. Our gratitude to them will be eternal.  #VEDay75We are past the peak of this disease. But we cant get complacent.  Please continue to follow the rules on social distancing and stay at home to save lives.  #StayHomeSaveLives75 years on, we are a free people because of everything they did. Our gratitude will be eternal. #VEDay75Tonight I lit a candle by the grave of the Unknown Warrior in Westminster Abbey in remembrance of those who gave their lives for the cause of freedom in the Second World War, which ended in Europe 75 years ago tomorrow. #LestWeForget #VEDay75Thank you to all of our carers for your fantastic work, day in, day out. You are pillars of society in the fight against coronavirus.We cannot risk a second peak of this disease.  We must keep going.  #StayHomeSaveLivesThis has been a difficult time for our country, but if we all continue to follow the rules and protect our NHS, then we can beat this virus together.  #StayHomeSaveLivesIf we all continue to follow the rules, we will come through this faster and the United Kingdom will emerge stronger than ever before.  #StayHomeSaveLivesMillions of people across this country have been doing the right thing: going through the hardship of self-isolation, faithfully, patiently, with thought and care for others as well as for themselves.  Thank you for all you are doing, and please keep going.  #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you to all the midwives across the UK who continue to show extraordinary kindness and courage during these challenging times. Your compassion, care and expertise are needed now more than ever. #IDM2020Thank you for all that you are doing to save lives and protect our NHS. Lets keep going.Thank you all for complying with the measures we have put in place.  Your actions have saved many lives, but we must keep going.The race to discover the vaccine to defeat this virus is not a competition between countries, but the most urgent shared endeavour of our lifetimes. Its humanity against the virus - we are in this together, and together we will prevail.We are past the peak of coronavirus. But we all need to continue to behave in the way we have, so we dont undo our hard work.We will only be able to move on to the second phase when our five tests have been met.Thank you to everyone who has been following the rules on social distancing and staying at home.  We will beat this together.If you keep going in the way that you have kept going so far, we will come through this all the faster and the United Kingdom will emerge stronger than ever before.Five - We must make sure that any adjustments to the current measures do not risk a second spike that would overwhelm the NHS. - 6/6Four - We must overcome the operational and logistical challenges on testing and PPE with supply able to meet future demand. - 5/6Three - We must be sure that the infection rate is falling to manageable levels. - 4/6Two - We must see a sustained and consistent fall in deaths. - 3/6One - We must be sure that the NHS has sufficient capacity to provide critical care and specialist treatment right across the UK. - 2/6There are five key tests that we must satisfy before we can adjust the current measures. - 1/6We must continue to follow the rules on social distancing, and stay at home to protect our NHS.Thank you for all that you are doing to save lives and protect our NHS. Lets keep going.Thank you for all the wonderful messages you sent me when I was unwell, and for all you are doing to keep yourselves and others safe.I can confirm that we are past the peak of this disease.  We are past the peak and we are on the downward slope.  And we have so many reasons to be hopeful for the long term.  But we can only defeat coronavirus by our collective discipline and working together.Keeping the R down is going to be absolutely vital to our recovery, and we can only do it by our collective discipline and working together.Tonight I proudly clapped outside 10 Downing Street for our fantastic NHS and carers. Thank you all for everything you are doing.  #ThankYouNHSAt todays press conference I was asked about mental health, which is a huge concern at this time. If you or a loved one are struggling, there is help available:3/3: But I must ask you to keep going in the way that you have kept going so far, so we can protect our NHS and save lives.2/3: So let me say directly also to British business, to the shopkeepers, to the entrepreneurs, to the hospitality sector, to everyone on whom our economy depends: I understand your impatience, I share your anxiety.1/3: I know how hard and how stressful it has been to give up even temporarily those ancient and basic freedoms, not seeing friends, not seeing loved ones, working from home, managing the kids, worrying about your job and your firm.Captain Tom - today, on your 100th birthday, allow me to express the admiration and gratitude of a whole nation for your heroic fundraising mission.Happy Birthday Tom and thank you for your warm wishes!I want to congratulate all the new police recruits who have graduated in the last six months, who are now keeping our streets and communities safe.  In these challenging times, your professionalism, devotion and personal courage is an inspiration to us all.I want to wish @captaintommoore a very special 100th Birthday. Thank you on behalf of the whole country.Weve got to keep going.  Follow the guidance on social distancing, and stay at home to protect our NHS and save lives.This morning I took part in a minutes silence to remember those workers who have tragically died in the coronavirus pandemic. The nation will not forget you.If you can keep going in the way that you have kept going so far, and if we can show the same spirit of unity and determination as we have all shown in the past six weeks, then I have absolutely no doubt that we will beat this together.We cannot throw away all the effort and sacrifice of the British people and risk a second major outbreak.It is hard to find the words to express my debt to the NHS for saving my life. The efforts of millions of people across this country to stay home are worth it. Together we will overcome this challenge, as we have overcome so many challenges in the past. #StayHomeSaveLivesId like to say thank you to all the brilliant NHS staff taking care of me and others in this difficult time. You are the best of Britain.  Stay safe everyone, and please remember to stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.Last night, on the advice of my doctor, I went into hospital for some routine tests as Im still experiencing coronavirus symptoms. Im in good spirits and keeping in touch with my team, as we work together to fight this virus and keep everyone safe.Thank you for doing your bit in the fight against #coronavirus.  Stay home, protect the NHS and save lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesWe can beat this together.  #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you to everyone who is saving lives by staying at home this weekend.  I know it's tough, but if we all work together and follow the guidance we will beat #coronavirus. #StayHomeSaveLivesI have just spoken to @Keir_Starmer & congratulated him on becoming Labour leader. We agreed on the importance of all party leaders continuing to work constructively together through this national emergency. I have invited him and other opposition leaders to a briefing next week.I have written to all leaders of opposition parties to invite them to work together at this moment of national emergency.This country has made a huge effort, a huge sacrifice, and done absolutely brilliantly well in delaying the spread of the virus.  But in this fine weather, please don't be tempted to break the regulations. I urge everyone to stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives.We must now come together to protect our NHS and to save many, many thousands of lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesAnother quick update from me on our campaign against #coronavirus. You are saving lives by staying at home, so I urge you to stick with it this weekend, even if we do have some fine weather. #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you to everyone involved in building the new NHS Nightingale Hospital over the past fortnight. This immense effort means we will have an extra 4,000 beds to care for #coronavirus patients.Thank you to the NHS and all of our critical workers for all you are doing to fight #coronavirus. You really are an inspiration. #ClapForOurCarers #ThankYouThursday #ClapForKeyWorkersStay at home, protect the NHS, save lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesYesterday's data showed more people were using transport than in previous days.  Please do not leave your house unless absolutely necessary. It really will save lives.  #StayHomeSavesLivesHere's an update to bring you up to speed on some of the things that we are doing to protect our NHS. We will beat coronavirus together by staying at home, protecting our NHS and saving lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesI'm staying at home to protect our NHS and save lives. If we all follow government advice, we can beat #coronavirus together. #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you Kaydyn for staying at home. Glad the food box arrived.  Were doing everything we can to protect people like you. #StayHomeSaveLivesThis morning I chaired the first ever digital Cabinet.  Our message to the public is: stay at home, protect the NHS, save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you to the 20,000 former staff coming back to the NHS. And thank you to the 750,000 people who have volunteered to help vulnerable people through this crisis. We will get through it together. #Coronavirus #StayHomeSaveLivesIve been working from home and continuing to lead the governments response to coronavirus. Stay at home, protect the NHS, and save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesThanks to everyone who has been staying at home. By delaying the spread of the disease we can reduce the pressure on our NHS, and that's how we hope to save many thousands of lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you to everybody whos doing what Im doing, working from home and stopping the virus spreading from household to household. Were going to beat it, and were going to beat it together. Stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesOver the last 24 hours I have developed mild symptoms and tested positive for coronavirus. I am now self-isolating, but I will continue to lead the governments response via video-conference as we fight this virus. Together we will beat this. #StayHomeSaveLivesOn behalf of the whole country, I want to thank all the incredible nurses, doctors, NHS support staff & carers who are working flat out to fight coronavirus #ClapForOurCarers #ClapForNHS To help them, and protect the NHS, we need everyone to stay at home #StayHomeSaveLivesGovernments around the world must step up to help us defeat #coronavirus. Ive announced a further 210m of aid funding for vaccine research following today's G20 call, meaning the UK is going above and beyond in the search for a vaccine.I want to thank all of our brilliant public servants, not only in the NHS, but also in the Police, Armed Forces, local government, social care and elsewhere - you have shown extraordinary courage in facing this national emergency. Our country owes you a huge debt of gratitude.Thank you to the 405,000 incredible NHS volunteer responders who have signed up today. If you want to sign up, follow this link:Were taking the right measures at the right time. It is vital to slow the spread of the disease, so stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesStay at home Protect the NHS Save lives Millions of people are already following the rules, and helping to save lives. Please play your part by staying at home.  #StayHomeSaveLivesYour NHS needs you. If you can help the NHS during the #coronavirus pandemic, visitFantastic to see so many people doing their bit in the fight against #coronavirus If you want to volunteer to help the NHS, you can do so here:Thank you to the 11,788 former NHS staff who have answered the call to support the health service as it responds to #coronavirus. Now people must stay at home to support you, so that you can be there to support us in our hour of need. #StayHomeSaveLivesOur athletes are committed to being the best in their field- day in, day out. To see their chance at Olympic glory postponed is hugely disappointing. But they recognise that this means more. We must now show our dedication by staying at home, protecting the NHS and saving lives.This morning, I chaired the first ever video conference Cabinet meeting.  We must all do our bit to stop the spread of coronavirus, protect our NHS and save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesAt this moment of national emergency you must stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesPlease join me for an important update on #coronavirus #StayHomeSaveLivesThese are the people who are saving lives.  Stay at home, protect the NHS, and save lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesIf you dont follow these instructions, you are putting peoples lives at risk:  You must stay at home to protect our NHS and save lives.  #StayHomeSaveLivesStay two metres apart. It's not such a difficult thing. Do it. It really will save lives.  #coronavirus #StaySafeSaveLivesWe need you to do your bit to help us beat #coronavirus Please RT. #StayHomeSaveLivesWe will get through this together, and we will beat the virus.  To win this fight, we need everyone to follow our advice: as far as possible, we want you to stay at home. The more effectively everyone does this, the faster this country will recover. #StayHomeSaveLivesThis Mothers Day, everyone should stop #coronavirus spreading. Keep your mum safe. Stay at home. #StayHomeSaveLives #MothersDayThank you @AthertonNWales!Thank you @MariaCaulfield!Our amazing NHS staff want to be there to help you and your loved ones over the coming weeks and months. You can help them right now by staying inside. #StayHomeSaveLivesJosephine sets a great example to us all by postponing her birthday party until we have sent coronavirus packing. Together we can beat this. In the meantime let's all wish her happy birthday (twice) whilst washing our hands. #BeLikeJosephine #StayHomeSaveLivesThe coming months will be challenging, but I want to assure businesses that we are with them every step of the way. Stand by your employees, stand by your workers, because we will stand by you.We want to protect you. But to do so, we need you to do your bit. #StayHomeSaveLivesTo those going against the advice we're getting from our experts, you're not only putting your own life and the lives of your family at risk, you're endangering the community and you're making it more difficult for us to protect the NHS and save lives. #StayHomeSaveLivesThe more we follow the advice, the faster the country will stage both a medical and an economic recovery in full. #StayHomeSaveLivesWe are supporting businesses and workers in a way that government has never done before.  If people stay home, then we will not only save thousands of lives, but we will come out of this pandemic all the faster. #StayHomeSaveLivesWe are telling cafes, pubs, bars and restaurants to close tonight as soon as they reasonably can, and not to open tomorrow. As far as possible we want you to stay at home. Thats how we can protect our NHS and save lives.NHS staff are doing extraordinary work across the country to help our fight against coronavirus. We now need to play our part in supporting them by following the government's guidance and working from home if you possibly can.We can beat this together, but only if we follow government advice and look out for each other.Please be reasonable in your shopping, be considerate and thoughtful of others as you do it.Her Majesty The Queen speaks for us all. We all have a vital role to play. We will do whatever it takes to beat this together.I say to business, stand by your employees, stand by your workers, because we will stand by you. I have absolutely no doubt that we will turn the tide of this disease and beat it together. 5/5And its by this combination of ruthless, determined, collective action, and scientific progress, that were already seeing that we will succeed. If we do this together, we will save many many thousands of lives. 4/5It is absolutely vital that we follow the advice: Stay at home if you have the symptoms, or if your family has the symptoms. Avoid unnecessary contact. Avoid pubs, bars and restaurants. Work from home, if you possibly can. And wash your hands. 3/5Were getting better at testing. This crisis is so difficult because the enemy is invisible. The answer is to remove the cloak of invisibility to identify the virus, and to be able to know which of us is carrying it and who has actually had it and got over it. 2/5We can send #coronavirus packing in this country, but only if we take the required steps to reduce the peak. Once weve achieved that, then the scientific progress that we are making will really come into play. 1/5I want to say a huge thank you on behalf of the whole country to everyone working in our NHS, of every specialism and role, in our fight against the coronavirus pandemic. Weve never needed you more than we do today.We're going to step up testing for #coronavirus #COVID19The government has announced that schools will close from MondayAfter schools shut their gates from Friday afternoon, they will remain closed for most pupils - for the vast majority of pupils - until further notice.  Read more here:WATCH: a message from @CMO_England on #coronavirus  If anyone in your household has coronavirus symptoms, you must all stay at home  Do not visit your GP or local hospital  Visit to check symptoms and follow the adviceWe have the resolve and the resources to win the fight against #CoronavirusHowever tough the months ahead we have the resolve and the resources to win the fight. And, to repeat, this government will do whatever it takes.  #COVID2019I want to say a huge thank you on behalf of the whole country to everyone working in our NHS, for all your hard work at this difficult time.We will do whatever it takes. @RishiSunak #coronavirusUse these trusted sources of information for the latest advice and guidance on #coronavirus  Check your symptoms:  Health guidance:  All information on coronavirus:Today the government has updated its travel guidance with immediate effect.  We are now advising against all non-essential overseas travel..@CMO_England Chris Whitty outlines how updated #coronavirus advice will impact:  People aged 70+ Adults who would normally be advised to have the flu vaccination People with chronic diseases Pregnant womenAn update on the latest coronavirus advice.Latest NHS advice: If you have: a new continuous cough OR a high temperature You should stay at home for seven days. Read the full guidance now:If you have: a new continuous cough OR a high temperature (37.8 degrees or higher), you should stay at home for 7 days.  Read more here on how best to protect yourself and others whilst staying at home:If you have symptoms of coronavirus, its important that you stay at home for seven days to help protect your friends and neighbours. More info:This country will get through this epidemic, just as it has got through many tougher experiences before.The UKs Chief Medical Officer on the governments updated advice on #COVID19  If you have: a new continuous cough OR a high temperature (37.8 degrees or higher), you should stay at home for seven days. Read the full guidance now:It is with deep sadness that I learned that a UK soldier was killed in the attack at the Taji military base last night. My thoughts go out to their loved ones at this extremely difficult time.If you are unwell and think you might have coronavirus, stay at home and either call 111 or use the online service:Dr Jenny Harries, Deputy Chief Medical Officer, came into DowningStreet to answer some of the most commonly asked questions on coronavirus.It is absolutely critical in managing the spread of this virus that we take the right decisions at the right time, based on the latest and best evidence.Today I visited Worcestershire to see the recovery efforts and pay tribute to the emergency services following flooding.Fantastic afternoon at Twickenham watching the rugby and congratulating the Red Roses on their recent victory.  Congratulations @EnglandRugby and well played @WelshRugbyUnion!Today, two years on from the chemical attack in Salisbury, my thoughts remain with all those impacted. It is heartening to see the historic city welcoming visitors and looking to the future, thanks to the strength and character of the community.An update on coronavirus following COBR.Coronavirus may very well be a challenge in the weeks and months ahead. But I have no doubt that with the help of the NHS and its incomparable staff, this country will get through it and beat it.A huge win in Hillingdon East by-election - thanks to the @Hillingdon_Tory team for their hard work during the campaign.  Colleen has already proven shes a strong voice for local residents in Hillingdon and I know shell be a great addition to the fantastic team of councillors!We want to end rough sleeping, help get people off the streets and provide them with the support and encouragement that they need.I was delighted to welcome the young winners of the 'Your NHS' art competition to Downing Street today.  Their creative designs and visions for our NHS were spectacular.I'm deeply saddened to hear of the attack at the London Central Mosque. It's so awful that this should happen, especially in a place of worship. My thoughts are with the victim and all those affected.My thoughts are with the people of Germany as they grieve those lost in the terrible attack in Hanau last night.  The UK stands with our German friends against this racist assault on our values.Next year, we will implement a points-based immigration system - welcoming the best and brightest from around the world whilst maintaining full control of our borders.We also agreed on the need to work together to tackle climate change, and resolved to strengthen our economic partnership. (2/2)This morning I spoke to Chinese President Xi to express my sympathy and support for those affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The UK government has donated vital medical equipment to the region and we will continue to offer our assistance. (1/2)Were here to deliver for the people of this country.  We're going to cut crime, we're going to tackle homelessness, and were going to invest more in our NHS and schools.This government will deliver on the priorities of the British people.  Investing more in our NHS and schools, levelling up with better infrastructure, and tackling crime with 20,000 more police on the streets.Were going to unite and level up across the country with better rail, less congested roads and beautiful British-build buses - making travel cleaner, greener, quicker, safer and more frequent.Fantastic to visit HS2s Birmingham Curzon Street site this afternoon.  This project will deliver better, faster and more reliable transport connections across the country.HS2 is going to be a truly fantastic opportunity for Birmingham, the Midlands and for the whole country..@KarenPierceUN is an outstanding and accomplished diplomat and I can think of no better person to drive forward our hugely important relationship with the United States at this time. Im delighted shell be representing us in Washington.Were increasing our support for military veterans.We are shortly bringing forward legislation to end the automatic early release of terrorist offenders. #PeoplesPMQsWe're transforming mental health services for children and young people putting in the money and resources so every child can get the support they need.  #ChildrensMentalHealthWeekWATCH LIVE: I answer your questions #PeoplesPMQs #PPMQsLets make this year the moment when we come together with the courage and the technological ambition to solve man-made climate change and to choose a cleaner, greener future for all our children and grandchildren.Im hosting another #PeoplesPMQs tomorrow night at 5pm.   Send me your questions here:Delighted to launch the UN Climate Summit @COP26 with Sir David Attenborough at the @sciencemuseum this morning.  There is no greater responsibility than protecting our planet, and no mission that a Global Britain is prouder to serve.We are re-emerging, after decades of hibernation, as a campaigner for global free tradeThank you to all emergency services responding to the incident in Streatham, which the police have now declared as terrorism-related. My thoughts are with the injured and all those affected.Thank you to @SteveBarclay, @LordCallanan, @JamesDuddridge and to everyone at DExEU for all of your hard work and dedication in getting Brexit delivered.As we embark on a new chapter, let's come together and build a brighter future for the next generation.Tonight we have left the EU - an extraordinary turning point in the life of this country. Let us come together now to make the most of all the opportunities Brexit will bring - and lets unleash the potential of the whole UK.Tonight we are leaving the European Union.This government will unite and level up our country. And as we build a new relationship with the EU, I urge everyone to find closure and let the healing begin.Tonight at 10pm Ill be giving an address to the nation, which you can watch on my Facebook page:Today I invited children from across our country to Downing Street to ask me their questions about the future of the UK.  We spoke about climate change, the NHS, education, science, tech and much more.We're going to tackle homelessness by addressing its root causes. #PeoplesPMQSYouth knife crime is a massive issue for this country. We need to tackle it. #PeoplesPMQsWhat I will be doing when we leave the EU at 11pm this Friday. #PeoplesPMQsThank you for your questions this evening for the #PeoplesPMQs.  Tune in for my address this Friday at 10pm.Im answering your questions live from Downing StreetWill Brexit affect my holiday?  Ive answered some of your top searched questions about Brexit and what happens when we leave the EU on Friday.Get ready for another #PeoplesPMQs, 5pm tomorrow night!  Send me your questions here:Im delighted to hear @Sainsburys is leading the way for UK business by pledging to go carbon neutral, backed by significant investment. We must all work together to achieve Net Zero emissions.Fantastic to visit @kingsmathschool yesterday and meet with these bright students and their teachers.  Were making an extra 300 million available for research into advanced mathematics, and will introduce a new fast track visa system to welcome more scientists to the UK.As long as I am Prime Minister, I will never allow this country to forget what happened 75 years ago. I will do all I can to see that we continue to learn the lessons of the past.  #HolocaustRemembranceDayI was truly honoured to meet Mala Tribich MBE and hear her story of surviving the horrors of the Holocaust.  We should all listen to her message, remember and commit ourselves to ensuring that this never happens again. #HolocaustMemorialDay #WeRememberThis Australia Day, I want all our Aussie friends to know that we Brits are thinking of you. Your resilience & positive spirit has been an inspiration to us all.  Our two nations share a very special friendship that I hope will continue to strengthen. Happy Australia Day.Seamus Mallon made an extraordinary contribution to democracy and peace in Northern Ireland. I want to express my sincere condolences to his daughter Orla, to his family and friends and to the SDLP.Today I have signed the Withdrawal Agreement for the UK to leave the EU on January 31st, honouring the democratic mandate of the British people.  This signature heralds a new chapter in our nations history.The Withdrawal Agreement has receivedRoyal Assent and is now law. We will leave the EU on January 31stWere recruiting 20,000 more police and giving them the powers they need to tackle crime. #PeoplesPMQsThank you for your questions. See you again next week #PeoplesPMQsLIVE: I'm answering your questions from Downing StreetGet ready for another #PeoplesPMQs at 5pm today!  Send me your questions here:Today I hosted leaders and entrepreneurs at the UK-Africa Investment Summit in London #InvestInAfricaToday is the first step towards putting our record NHS funding commitment into law.We will leave the EU on January 31st and build a great new partnership with our European friends.  Britain has a bright future ahead.Today I have written to Nicola Sturgeon. The Scottish people voted decisively to keep our United Kingdom together, a result which both the Scottish and UK Governments committed to respect.  Let's make 2020 a year of growth and opportunity for the whole of the UKNorthern Ireland politicians have put aside their differences, stepped up to the plate and shown leadership.There's a fantastic future for Northern Ireland as part of the United Kingdom, and we're here to support them.RIP Sir Roger Scruton. We have lost the greatest modern conservative thinker - who not only had the guts to say what he thought but said it beautifully.This is a great step forwards for the people of Northern Ireland and for restoring public confidence in stable devolved Government and delivering much needed reforms to public services.Today I met with @vonderleyen. When we leave the EU on January 31st, we will negotiate a new free trade agreement with our European partners and continue to work together as friends and sovereign equals to tackle the worlds greatest challenges.Our hearts go out to all those in Australia affected by these devastating fires. I have been in touch with PM @ScottMorrisonMP to offer any assistance we can provide. We stand with you at this very difficult time.This is going to be a fantastic year for Britain.Happy New Year! Lets make 2020 a fantastic year for Britain.We are going to level up and unite our country. We are going to get Brexit done and deliver the change that people voted for. And we are going to protect and invest in our amazing NHS.We are going to legislate for the biggest investment in our NHS in living memory.We will be out of the EU on 31st January. We will invest billions more in our NHS. We will level up and unite our country. #PeoplesGovernmentWe are going to get Brexit done and unite our fantastic country.Wishing you and your family a very Merry ChristmasWhoever you are, wherever you are, and however youre celebrating, have a very happy Christmas, and Ill see you all again in the New Year.Thank you to all the NHS staff who work so hard to take care of us, especially over the Christmas period.Thank you very much to our Armed Forces for everything you do, you represent the best of our country, and happy Christmas!Britain would not be Britain without its Jewish community. And we will stand with you and celebrate with you - at Chanukah and all year round.Wonderful to meet and serve lunch to so many of our fantastic servicemen and women today.  Wherever our Armed Forces serve, you fill our hearts with pride and gratitude for everything you do.Very sad news. No England fan will ever forget the heroics of Martin Peters and his fantastic teammates. My sympathies go out to all of those who knew and loved him.We are getting Brexit done.The second reading of the Withdrawal Agreement Bill has passed - which means we are one step closer to getting Brexit doneThe time has come for change.We are introducing new measures to tackle violent crime and make our streets safer. #QueensSpeechWe are going to legislate for the biggest investment in our NHS in living memory. #QueensSpeechWe are getting Brexit done. #QueensSpeechThis will be a Parliament that works for the people. #PeoplesGovernmentWe will work flat out not just to get Brexit done, but to deliver on all the key priorities of the British people.Thank you for the trust you have placed in me.  We are going to level up and unite our country. We are going to get Brexit done and deliver the change that people voted for. And we are going to protect and invest in our amazing NHS.Nurses epitomise everything that makes the NHS so revered across the world.  I will make sure this treasured institution has everything it needs to continue delivering world-class care.We are going to get Brexit done and unite our fantastic country.We will be out of the EU on 31st January. We will invest billions more in our NHS. We will level up and unite our country. #PeoplesGovernmentWe are going to be working on the priorities of the British people. #PeoplesGovernmentThis is a #PeoplesGovernment and we will deliver on the priorities of the British public.Fantastic news for our countryLet's unite this country, let's spread opportunity to every corner of the UK, with superb education, superb infrastructure, and technology. Let's get this done and move forward.We are going to deliver a Parliament that works for the people.We are going to unite and level up, bringing the whole of this incredible United Kingdom - England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland - together.Its time for us to get this done and move this country forward.I say thank you for the trust you have placed in us, and in me.  We will work round the clock to repay your trust and to deliver on your priorities with a parliament that works for you.Thank you to everyone across our great country who voted, who volunteered, who stood as candidates. We live in the greatest democracy in the world.Out campaigning in South Ruislip! Polls close at 10pm - vote Conservative to #GetBrexitDoneLets not go back to the broken parliament we had before this election was called.  Lets move forward with a majority Conservative government that can get things done.Vote Conservative to get Brexit done!You have until 10pm tonight to vote to get Brexit done!We will get Brexit done so that we can get on with delivering on your priorities.Vote Conservative TODAY to get Brexit doneToday at the ballot box you have the opportunity to tell politicians that you want Brexit done. Vote Conservative.Let's get it doneWe are a great country, and we can be greater still.  Vote today to get Brexit done.  Vote Conservative.Together we can get Brexit done.Back me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative today.Lets finally get Brexit done.Vote Conservative today to get Brexit done!Lets get it done #VoteConservativeBack me to get Brexit done - vote Conservative TODAY.Vote to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential. Vote Conservative.#DogsAtPollingStationsWe must respect the result of the EU referendum. #VoteConservativeFolks, today is the day. Vote Conservative to get Brexit doneBack me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative today.This is what were going to do.This election is our chance to get Brexit done.  Vote Conservative today.We will respect the result of the EU referendum.Lets get it done.Today is our chance to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative.The British Tamil community is one of many communities whose contribution make this country the best place in the world to live.Weve got 24 hours to break the deadlock in parliament. Lets get Brexit done and take this incredible country forwards. Vote Conservative!Back me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative tomorrow.Tomorrow, lets unleash Britains potential!  Vote Conservative to get Brexit doneBack me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative tomorrow.Join me live for our final campaign rally.  TOMORROW: Vote Conservative to break the gridlock and get Brexit done!If theres a Conservative majority government, we can deliver the change people voted for. We can get Brexit done. We can make a decisive break with the dither and indecision of the last three and a half years. We can unleash Britains potential.The only way for us to move forward now is to get Brexit done.Lets get Brexit done and get to work on the things that matter to you.Let's get it done.Today Ive been in Wales, where the message is clear: we need to get Brexit done and move this country forward.The only way we can get Brexit done is with a majority Conservative government.Back me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative tomorrow.Vote Conservative to get Brexit done.Had a fantastic weekend with @patel4witham visiting both @NeasdenTemple and @ISKCON_Manor - thank you to all those who stopped to say hello.Let's get this doneLets get Brexit done and get on with spreading opportunity and hope across the whole UK and lets unleash the potential of this country.Weve got the deal. Its oven ready. Vote Conservative tomorrow to get Brexit doneTomorrow, vote to end the uncertainty. Vote to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential. Vote Conservative.Lets get Brexit done.Tomorrow, lets finally get this done.Tomorrow is our chance to get Brexit done.We have one more day. Make sure you have your voice heard. Vote to honour the promises of the past and for a brighter vision of the future. Vote Conservative tomorrow.Getting breakfast done!My pledge to you:  Get Brexit Done by 31 January 2020 Invest record sums in our NHS, with 50,000 more nurses and 40 new hospitals 20,000 more police and tougher sentences. An Australian-style points-based immigration systemTomorrow lets get this done!Were a great country and we can be greater still.  Lets get Brexit done.Good morning folks! Up early delivering groceries in Leeds - and well deliver more if you vote Conservative tomorrowLets get Brexit done, break the deadlock in Parliament and move this country forward.Weve got two days to unleash Britains potential.We can do this!Lets break the deadlock and get Brexit done!We have two days to get Brexit done.If there is a Conservative majority we can smash through the gridlock and get this country moving again.There are only two more days to go. Lets get Brexit done!Break the gridlock. Get Brexit done.Lets get it done.The only way we can bring our country together now is to get Brexit done and move on.Were having this election because Parliament couldnt get anything done. Only the Conservatives can get Brexit done and get Parliament working again, on the issues that matter to you.We must respect the result of the EU Referendum.  Back me to get Brexit done by voting Conservative on Thursday.Only two more days to go. Lets get Brexit done.Jonathan Ashworth is saying what hundreds of Labour candidates and millions of voters are thinking. Jeremy Corbyn is unfit to be PM because he is blocking Brexit.  Only a vote for @Conservatives will break the deadlock & #GetBrexitDone so we can focus on the peoples priorities.Vote Conservative to get Brexit done.2 days to go! Lets do this.Lets get Brexit done. Lets get on with the countrys priorities and unleash the potential of the whole of the UK.It was a pleasure this weekend to return to the breathtaking @NeasdenTemple with my good friend @patel4withamWe have 2 days to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential.Let's get Brexit done!Brexit, actually.Thank you so much for all of your support so far. Just 3 days to go.  Lets get Brexit done!Were ready to get this done.Back me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative this Thursday.Devastating scenes in New Zealand. Ive been in contact with Prime Minister @jacindaardern to express our deepest sympathies. There are many people still feared missing, and my heart goes out to all those affected and their families.Let's get Brexit done.Weve got 3 days to get Brexit done.We mourn the passing of Maurice Mounsdon. We should never forget that it was thanks to the bravery of this tiny band of pilots that Britain - and the rest of Europe - was safe from tyranny.When we leave the EU, we will implement an Australian style, points-based immigration system.Lets get it done folks. Vote Conservative on Thursday.Lets get Brexit done and deliver on the priorities of the British people.We will get Brexit done, invest in our NHS, schools and police, and cut taxes for you and your family.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family.Our NHS will never be on the table for any trade negotiations. Were investing more than ever before - and when we leave the EU, we will introduce an Australian style, points-based immigration system so the NHS can plan for the future.Let's get Brexit done and take back control of our fishing waters.Lets get Brexit done and get on with making this country the best place in the world to live.We will get Brexit done and get Parliament working on your priorities: the NHS, the cost of living, 20,000 more police officers, more cash for our schools. Lets get it done and move on. Vote Conservative on Thursday.The only way to move this country forward is with a majority Conservative government. We will pass the Brexit deal and get Parliament working for you again.At Grimsby Fish Market this morning.  Our new Brexit deal means we will take back control of our fishing waters and support our fantastic fishing industries.Weve got 3 days to get Brexit done! Lets do it.Let's get Brexit done!I want us to get this thing done, so that we can get Parliament working on the issues that matter to you and your family.I want us to get Brexit done so that we can focus our hearts and minds on the priorities of the British people.Let's end the chaos and uncertainty. Let's get Brexit done with a one nation Conservative Government and take this country forwards.We live in a great country, and we can make it greater still.  Together well end the uncertainty and get Brexit done.4 days to go folks!Its time for our country to move forward.4 days to go - let's get Brexit done!Team selfie! Lets get Brexit doneEnd the uncertainty. Avoid another hung parliament. #VoteConservativeWe cant afford another chaotic hung parliament with Jeremy Corbyn in charge of nothing except more arguments.  So lets get Brexit done. Lets get on with the countrys priorities and unleash the potential of the whole of the UK.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family.We must respect the result of the EU Referendum.  Back me to get Brexit done by voting Conservative on December 12th.This week I visited a wonderful bakery in North London, where the message was clear - lets get on with it and get Brexit done!Under my leadership, a majority Conservative government will implement an Australian style, points based immigration system.Let's end the uncertainty and get Brexit done.I want us to get this thing done, so that we can get Parliament working on the issues that matter to you and your family.Today I played football with a brilliant team of 10-year-old girls - the future of women's football is bright!  We will invest 550 million in grassroots football so more people can play this wonderful sport.Together we can get Brexit done.This great country is the home of football.  If we win the election next week, I will put my heart and soul behind the case for a UK and Ireland World Cup in 2030.Well get there folks. Vote Conservative on December 12th and we will get Brexit done.We have 5 days to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential.Were cutting taxes for small businesses. #SmallBizSatUK #SmallBusinessSaturdayLets get Brexit done and get on with making this country the best place in the world to live.Getting Brexit done and ending the uncertainty Cutting business rates A jobs tax cut Only a majority Conservative government will support our fantastic small businesses who strengthen our economy.  #SmallBizSatUK #SmallBusinessSaturdayIt's time the football World Cup came home.  I want it to show our national confidence as we get Brexit done: a sign to the world that whilst we are a small country, were a great one with a proud history and a strong future.We will get Brexit done and get Parliament working on your priorities: the NHS, the cost of living, 20,000 more police officers, more cash for our schools. Lets get it done and move on. Vote Conservative on Thursday.We must respect the result of the referendum. #BBCDebateWe love our NHS. It will never be on the table for any trade negotiations. #BBCDebateAs Prime Minister, I will always back our security services, our police and our troops. I will give them the funding and support they need. #BBCDebateWe will toughen up sentencing for terrorists increasing the minimum sentence for serious offenders and ending early release completely #BBCDebateLet's end the chaos and uncertainty. Let's get Brexit done with a one nation Conservative Government and take this country forwards. #BBCDebateIf you work hard to provide for your family and pay your taxes, you should be able to keep a bit more of what you earn.  A Conservative government will keep your taxes low - not take more away. #BBCDebateWe can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day and keep our economy strong. #BBCDebateI believe very passionately in our NHS - it's one of the most incredible things about this country. It will never be on the table for any trade negotiations. #BBCDebateWere investing more in our NHS than ever before and will deliver 50,000 more nurses over the next five years #BBCDebateWhen we #GetBrexitDone, we can control immigration and introduce an Australian style, points-based immigration system #BBCDebateWe got a great new deal for the UK - one that meets all the promises that were made in the referendum. But MPs voted, again, to dither and delay. Thats why we had to have this election - so we can finally #GetBrexitDoneIt's time to end the uncertainty and move this country forward #BBCDebateEvery Conservative candidate at this election is backing my Brexit deal. If we get a majority, we can finally #GetBrexitDone and get on with delivering on your priorities. #BBCDebateLet's end the chaos. Let's #GetBrexitDone and take this country forward #BBCDebateWe will #GetBrexitDone and unleash the potential of this fantastic country #BBCDebateFolks, handing twitter over to my team. Wish me luck!Tune in tonight.Weve got 6 days to get Brexit done! Lets do it.Folks, we have just six days to get Brexit done and move this country forward. Together, well get there.Lets get Brexit done and focus our hearts and minds on the priorities of the British people.Lets get this done.Thank you Salisbury! I really enjoyed visiting your delightful Christmas market. 6 days to go.We can do it folks - just six days to go! #GetBrexitDoneWe can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.This morning I made some Get Brexit Done donuts at a wonderful bakery in Golders Green, North London. Thank you Grodzinski Bakery & to everyone who stopped by to say hello.We need a fair and controlled Australian style points-based immigration system.We will get Brexit done.Let's get Brexit doneLets get Brexit done and deliver on the priorities of the British people.Under my leadership, a majority Conservative government will get Brexit done, invest more money in our public services, get tough on crime, back our Armed Forces and strengthen our economy.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family.With a Conservative majority, we can get Brexit done.We are a great country. Lets get Brexit done and get on with delivering on the priorities of the British people.Weve got one week to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential.We are a great country. Lets get Brexit done and get on with delivering on the priorities of the British people.One week to go. Lets get Brexit done.We'll get Brexit done, take back control of our borders and invest in our NHS, schools and police.Folks, every vote is going to count at this election. You can use yours to put an end to the uncertainty and to get Brexit done!We can do this.If theres a Conservative majority government, we can deliver the change people voted for. We can get Brexit done. We can make a decisive break with the dither and indecision of the last three and a half years. We can unleash Britains potential.Thank you to Phillip and Holly at @thismorning - a good opportunity to talk more about our exciting vision for the country #GetBrexitDoneBack me to get Brexit done by voting Conservative on December 12th.The only way we can break the deadlock in parliament - and get Brexit done - is with a majority Conservative government.We live in a great country, and we can make it greater still.  Together well end the uncertainty and get Brexit done.Lets get Brexit done so we can focus our hearts and our minds on the priorities of the British people.This is my pledge to you.Weve got 8 days to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential.Folks, its time for our country to move on.  Lets get this done so that we can focus on the priorities of the British people: our NHS, schools and police.Unleashing Britain's potential!  Thanks to the @redbullracing team for showing me how it's done.Weve got 8 days to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential!8 days to get Brexit done.Getting Brexit done 50,000 more nurses 50 million more GP surgery appointments 20,000 more police Tougher sentencing for criminals An Australian style, points-based immigration system Tackling climate change Lowering your taxes Strengthening our economyWeve got the plan to get Brexit done and invest in our NHS, schools and police.  We will get Parliament working again on the issues that matter to you.This week I visited the Port of Southampton, where they are looking forward to getting Brexit done.We must respect the result of the EU Referendum. #GetBrexitDoneIts time for our country to move forward.Together we can get Brexit done. Vote Conservative on December 12th.Back me to get Brexit done.  Vote Conservative on December 12th.We are a great country and we can be greater still.  Together we can get Brexit done.Let's get Brexit done.Folks, were having this election because Parliament simply wasnt working - it was stuck in endless dither and delay.  The only way we can move forward now is to get Brexit done with a majority Conservative government.We have 9 days to get Brexit done and unleash the potential of the whole UK!This morning I visited Entrain Space Wilton, a hub for veterans.  Weve introduced a new Office for Veterans Affairs to provide lifelong support to military personnel.I love this time of year.  All we want for Christmas is to get Brexit done!Thank you so much for all your support so far. 9 days to go - we can do this!9 days to go.  9 seats to a majority. Lets get it done.The only way for us to move forward now is to get Brexit done.Lets do this, together.When we get Brexit done, we can end free movement, strengthen our border security and invest in our NHS, schools and police.We will respect the result of the referendum and get Brexit done.Well get there folks. Vote Conservative on December 12th and we will get Brexit done.Lets get Brexit done and get to work on the things that matter to you.We cant afford another chaotic hung parliament with Jeremy Corbyn in charge of nothing except more arguments. So lets get Brexit done. Lets get on with the countrys priorities and unleash the potential of the whole of the UK.Weve got 10 days to go.  Lets get Brexit doneThis is an awful, racist attack and should be condemned by all. My heart goes out to this Rabbi and the whole Jewish community. We stand with you against all forms of antisemitism.Today I, alongside other leaders, attended a service at Guildhall to remember those who tragically lost their lives in the attack on Friday.Parliament has blocked and delayed Brexit for years.  Now we have a chance to break the deadlock and get this thing done. Vote Conservative on December 12th.Were having this election because Parliament couldnt get anything done. A majority Conservative government will get Brexit done and take back control of our borders, so that dangerous criminals can no longer exploit free movement.We have 10 days to get this done.  Back me to get Brexit done by voting Conservative on December 12th.Were having this election because Parliament could not get anything done. It was paralysed.  Its time for us to take decisive action and to get Brexit done, so that we can get Parliament working again on the issues that matter to you.We must respect the result of the EU Referendum.  Back me to get Brexit done by voting Conservative on December 12th.Weve got the plan to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential.Lets get Brexit done, take back control of our borders and implement an Australian style, points-based immigration system.When we leave the EU we can take back control of our borders.Its time for our country to move forward.We will end the automatic early release system for serious and violent offenders so they serve their full term in prison.Those changes meant that although four senior judges considered that Khan was dangerous, he was to be automatically released half-way through because of Labours 2008 law. That is why we are determined to change this & ensure dangerous terrorists serve their full sentence (16/16)Nowhere in the judgment did Lord Justice Leveson suggest that Khans release would have been subject to the Parole Board approval. Indeed, Lord Justice Leveson did not have the power to require that because of how Labour changed the law in 2008 (15/16)A number of people have pointed out that the judgment of the Court of Appeal makes a reference to the Parole Board. If you look at the whole quote its clear Lord Justice Leveson is not even talking about Khan (14/16)Unfortunately, Khan could not be sentenced under the EDS scheme because it was not yet in force in December 2010 when he committed the offence. Had Labour not changed the law in 2008 Khan would not have been automatically released in December 2018 (13/16)If Khan had been sentenced under the new EDS scheme there would have been no automatic early release and he would only have been able to ask for Parole Board consideration at 2/3rds of his sentence. Under this system, he could not have been released before Mid 2021. (12/16)Had the 2008 changes to the law not been made he would not have been eligible for automatic early release, instead the Parole Board would have had to decide whether he was safe to be released (11/16)Khan was sentenced under Labours old regime. Therefore, he was to be automatically released after serving only half of his sentence (i.e. 8 years). Given time on remand, this meant he was released in December 2018 (10/16)However, since the judges still considered him to be dangerous he got an EPP. The Court of Appeal could not have given him an EDS because these were not in force when he committed the offence in December 2010 (9/16).This means Khan would be detained indefinitely after he has served the minimum term unless the Parole Board considered him safe. Khan appealed. The Court of Appeal agreed that he was dangerous but felt that his crime was not serious enough to warrant an IPP (8/16)Khan was sentenced by the Crown Court on 9th February 2012. He was considered dangerous by the Judge and so the two possible options available at the time were IPP or Post 2008 EPP. The judge opted for IPP with a minimum term of 8 years (7/16)The Prison Reform Trust has a helpful summary of how the EPP scheme changed in 2008 (6/16)In 2008 Labour introduced the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008. This removed the requirement of Parole Board approval. This meant that, for EPPs after 2008, release would be automatic at the halfway point - no matter how dangerous the criminal (5/16)An EPP has two elements: a custodial part and an extended licence period. When EPPs were brought in by the Criminal Justice Act 2003, there was no automatic early release during the custodial part - see s. 247(2)(b) of the original act (4/16)All those regimes have in common is the fact that they apply if the Judge considers the offender to be dangerous (3/16)There are 4 distinct sentencing legal regimes that have been confused in this case: Indefinite Sentences for Public Protection (IPP); Pre-08 Extended Sentences for Public Protection (DPP); Post-08 EPPs & Extended Determinate Sentences (EDS) which came into force in Dec 12 (2/16)The terrible Khan case has highlighted a complicated area of law. There have been many inaccuracies reported about this case over the last 24 hours. Here are the details (1/16)We will keep violent offenders and terrorists in jail longer and end the automatic early release system.I want to pay tribute again to the sheer bravery of those members of the public who went to deal with the attacker spontaneously, putting their own lives at risk.Happy #StAndrewsDay to all Scots across Scotland, the UK and the world today.Today I visited London Bridge to thank police officers and first responders following yesterday's tragic attack.Happy #StAndrewsDay to all Scots across Scotland, the UK and the world today.  I'm proud to be the Prime Minister of the entire United Kingdom, including Scotland.Tonight our sympathies are with the families of those who lost their lives. Thank you to the emergency services and members of the public who bravely acted to protect others.I want to thank the emergency services and members of the public for their immense bravery in responding to this suspected terrorist attack at London Bridge.  This is an appalling incident and all my thoughts are with the victims and their families.Its time to unleash Britains potential.Together we can get Brexit done!  Vote Conservative on December 12th.Together were going to get this done.Britain is home to many of the brightest scientists in the world - we will continue to welcome them to the UK and invest in vital research such as space exploration.Back me to get Brexit done. Vote Conservative on December 12thWe've got the plan to get Brexit done.We cant afford another chaotic hung parliament with Jeremy Corbyn in charge of nothing except more arguments.  So lets get Brexit done. Lets get on with the countrys priorities and unleash the potential of the whole of the UK.It's time for our country to move on.Two weeks to get Brexit done. We can do this.Back me to get Brexit done - vote Conservative on December 12th!We want you to keep more of your hard earned money.Our NHS will never be on the table for any trade negotiations. Were investing more than ever before - and when we leave the EU, we will introduce an Australian style, points-based immigration system so the NHS can plan for the future.The British people deserve a Parliament that gets Brexit done, so we can move forward and focus on priorities like the NHS, schools and police.The referendum result must be respectedNot long to go. Let's get it done, folks.Were going to keep taxes low, raise the national living wage and cut business rates for pubs, shops and cinemas.Well get there folks.When we leave the EU we can take back control of our borders.The only way we can move on as a country is if we respect the result of the referendum result and get Brexit done.If you work hard to provide for your family and pay your taxes, you should be able to keep a bit more of what you earn.  A Conservative government will keep your taxes low - not take more away.Yesterday I met some brilliant students at the International Aviation Academy. They taught me a thing or two!The Conservatives stand firmly behind the businesses and entrepreneurs who make our country great.The only way we can move on as a country is if we respect the result of the referendum result and get Brexit done.When people get up at the crack of dawn to prepare their family business, when people take out a mortgage to fund a new venture or risk everything on a new product or try to find a new market - we dont sneer at them. We cheer for them and ask how we can help.Our NHS will not be on the table for any trade negotiations.  Were protecting and strengthening our NHS with more investment and an Australian style, points-based immigration system.I want us to get Brexit done so that we can get on with making this the best country in the world to live.  The greatest place to start a business, to have a family, to get an education - to have a life.Let us seize the opportunity now to get Brexit done and move this country forward.An early Christmas present to the country will be to bring the Brexit bill back before the festive break, and get it done!Thank you to everyone who stopped to talk at the Royal Welsh Winter Fair. Weve got the optimism, energy and drive to get Brexit done and seize the opportunities ahead for our farmers.Thank you so much for all your support so far. 16 days to go!Were on your side. Well get Parliament working again for you, invest in our NHS and schools, make the streets safer, and keep your taxes low.Its time for us to get Brexit done so we can get on with the priorities of the British people.The only way to move this country forward is with a majority Conservative government.  We will pass the Brexit deal and get Parliament working for you again.We will deliver:  Extra funding for the NHS  50,000 more nurses  50 million more GP surgery appointments a yearImagine the relief the whole nation will feel if we get Brexit done. Uncertainty ended, investment unlocked, a nation moving forward once again. This is only possible with the Conservatives.Let's unleash Britain's potential and make this the greatest country in the world to live.Its time to unleash Britains potentialWere providing financial security for those in retirement.Had a great time at the Royal Welsh Winter show today. We're going to look after farmers across the country as we embrace the opportunities of Brexit.In Wales for the Royal Welsh Winter Fair, meeting farmers who want to get Brexit doneLets get Brexit done and focus on the issues that matter to you and your family - making your streets safer, investing in our NHS, and helping you with the cost of living.We will get the job done.A majority Conservative government will cut taxes for you and your family.We need a fair and controlled Australian style points-based immigration system.My pledge to you.Let's get those potholes fixed. #conservativemanifestoWe have the plan to get Brexit done and invest in our fantastic public services. #ConservativeManifestoWe will deliver 50,000 more nurses, and provide nursing students with an annual grant of 5,000-8,000. #ConservativeManifestoThank you Nicola for the note you passed me on the train today.Our pledge to you - we will get Brexit done, invest in our NHS and schools, protect our environment and help you and your family with the cost of living #ConservativeManifestoThe referendum result must be respected #ConservativeManifestoThis #ConservativeManifesto focuses on the people's priorities. #VoteConservative to get Brexit done, invest in our NHS, put more police on our streets, and properly fund schools. Share now:We live in a great country.  We are going to get this thing done, move the country forward, and get to work on making this a better place to live for you and your family. #ConservativeManifestoThis is what were pledging to do for YOU #ConservativeManifestoToday we are announcing that we will deliver 50,000 more nurses for our NHS and will provide student nurses with an annual maintenance grant. #ConservativeManifestoMANIFESTO LAUNCH LIVE: Our plan to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potentialJust arrived in Telford to launch our #ConservativeManifesto - we will get Brexit done and get Parliament working again for you.Were keeping the pensions triple lock, winter fuel payment and older persons bus pass, to help retirees with the cost of living. #ConservativeManifestoI'm excited to share with you all our positive vision for the country #ConservativeManifestoIt's the right thing to do.Its time to turn the page from the dither, delay and division of recent years, and start a new chapter in the incredible history of this country, the greatest place on earth.I believe that talent and genius is distributed equally, but opportunity is not. Thats why were levelling up education funding with more money for every pupil in the country.Wonderful to meet so many today in Ruislip - thank you to those who stopped to say hello. I hope youll be voting Conservative on December 12th.The referendum result must be respected.The only way we can move this country forward, and get Parliament working for you again, is with a majority Conservative parliament.  A vote for any other party risks another hung parliament.Our NHS will never be for sale. We have a clear plan to #GetBrexitDone, move this country forward, and invest in our fantastic public services.Out campaigning with dad. #VoteConservativeWe will get Parliament working for you again by getting Brexit done, investing in our NHS, schools and police, and cutting taxes for you and your family.Im looking forward to sharing our manifesto with you tomorrow.  We have developed a clear plan that respects the referendum, gets it done, and allows us to move on and focus on delivering real benefits for you and your family.We will get Brexit done, invest in our NHS, schools and police, and cut taxes for you and your family.I want to tackle poverty and give every kid in the country the opportunities to make the most of their talents.Thank you so much for all your questions tonight. We will get Brexit done, invest in our NHS, schools and police, and cut taxes for you and your family. Let's unleash Britain's potential. #bbcqtWe must protect and defend our precious union, and move this country forward as a whole United Kingdom #GetBrexitDone #BBCQTNext year could be a great year. We could #GetBrexitDone in January, build new hospitals, invest in our schools, recruit more police officers. OR we could spend the whole year having two more referendums, further dividing our country. #BBCQTOnly a majority Conservative government can move this country forward and get Brexit done. #BBCQTLets make 2020 the year of investment and growth, not the year of two more referendums. #BBCQTLets unleash Britains potential.Excited to have another opportunity to share with you all my positive vision for our country.This is my vision for Britain.We live in an incredible country. Everywhere I go, I meet people who are enthusiastic and passionate about this countrys future and what we can achieve.  Lets get Brexit done!I believe that talent and genius are evenly distributed across the whole UK - but opportunity is not. Thats why we are levelling up per pupil funding for every child. We want everyone to have the best start in life.Our NHS will not be on the table for any trade negotiations.  Were protecting and strengthening our NHS with more investment and an Australian style, points-based immigration system.A majority Conservative government will cut taxes for you and your family.Were investing an additional 14 billion in education, so that your child can get the best start in life.Let's get Brexit done!Were cutting taxes for you and your family.We're cheering you on! #BackTheBritsWe need to get Brexit done.We're lowering taxes so that you can keep more of what you earn.Lets get Brexit done and continue with our bold plans for the environment, leading the fight against climate change and protecting our precious animals.Thanks so much for all your support everyone!Getting Brexit done 20,000 new police More money for our NHS More money for every pupil An Australian style, points-based immigration systemWere cutting taxes so that you can keep more of your hard earned money.Lets get Brexit done, end the uncertainty and support our fantastic small and medium-sized businesses by lowering taxes.We can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.Under my leadership, a majority Conservative government will get Brexit done, invest more money in our public services, get tough on crime, back our Armed Forces and strengthen our economy.When we get Brexit done by January 31st, we will go forward as a united and confident nation that has shown our faith in the judgement of our people.Were lowering your taxes so that you can keep more of what you earn.What a day in Teesside!  Taking questions directly from workers at Wilton Engineering Services.  They were focused on the issues that matter to them. We need to get Brexit done and move this country forward.Were cutting taxes for you and your family.Were levelling up per pupil funding, so that every child can get the best start in life.Were cutting taxes so that you can keep more of your hard-earned money.Today Ive announced that under a majority Conservative government, we will cut taxes for millions of working people on low and middle incomes.  I will cut taxes for working peopleWe can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.Thank you - and I love Teesside!Some thoughts from the roadWe need to get Brexit doneToday were announcing that flood-hit homes and businesses will be eligible for Government grants of up to 5,000 for new resilience measures.Let's get Brexit done!All Conservative candidates standing at this election have pledged that, if elected, they will vote in Parliament to pass the Brexit deal. We can get this done - but only if you #VoteConservative!Our NHS will not be on the table for any trade negotiations.  Were protecting and strengthening our NHS with more investment and an Australian style, points-based immigration system.We cant be afraid of being tough on crime and implementing policies which are proven to keep people safe.Recruiting 20,000 police officers Giving police the power to target known knife carriers Powers to arrest anyone caught with a knife immediately Tougher sentencing for the most serious crimesWere going to give police the powers they need to keep you and your family safe.We will get Parliament working for you again.When we get Brexit done by January 31st, we will go forward as a united and confident nation that has shown our faith in the judgement of our people.Thank you to everyone who tuned in and watched the debate. We've got a long way to go to earn the votes of the British people and the privilege to govern.  I will be working hard for our whole United Kingdom every single day. BorisWeve introduced a landmark Environment Bill to tackle environmental priorities and leave our planet in a better condition for future generations. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateWe can only invest in our great public services if we continue to support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateWe will continue to fund our NHS. We can keep doing so because we have a strong and dynamic economy. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateIt's absolutely vital that we continue to invest more in our NHS. It represents the very best of our country. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateOur NHS will never be for sale #BackBoris #LeadersDebateThe only way to restore trust in our democracy is to get Brexit done. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateA majority Conservative government will implement an Australian style, points-based immigration system. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateOur great new deal means we can take back control of our laws, borders and trade. It delivers a clean break from the EU. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateOur new Brexit deal will boost opportunities for people in all four parts of our precious Union. I will always defend it. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateOur NHS will never be for sale. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateNext year could be a great year. We could #GetBrexitDone in January, build new hospitals, invest in our schools, recruit more police officers. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateWe have a great new deal that is supported by every Conservative candidate. Let's get Brexit done! #BackBoris #LeadersDebateWe have negotiated a great new deal that takes back control of our borders, our laws and our money. Only a majority Conservative government can now get Brexit done and move this country forward. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateOnly a majority Conservative government can get Brexit done. We have a deal that is ready to go. Let's make 2020 the year of prosperity and growth. #BackBoris #LeadersDebateHi folks - Im now handing over to my team to tweet during the debate. Wish me luck!Let's move forward. Let's break the deadlock. Let's get Brexit done.  #LeadersDebateWe have a positive vision to get Brexit done and unleash Britain's potential #LeadersDebateLet's get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential #LeadersDebateLet's do this! #ITVDebate at 8pm tonightGetting Brexit done 20,000 new police More money for our NHS More money for every pupil An Australian style, points-based immigration systemLooking forward to sharing with you my positive vision for the countryWe are strengthening sentencing, sending a clear message that we are listening to the British people, backing the police, and coming after criminals. My priority is to make your streets safer.Under a majority Conservative Government there will be: 50 million more appointments in GP surgeries every year. 6,000 more GPs. 6,000 more nurses, physiotherapists & pharmacists.We back the police to use stop and search.Lets get it done folks.Were going to give police the powers they need to keep you and your family safe.Tonight Ill be sharing with you, the British people, my positive vision for this country.  I want us to get Brexit done and unleash Britains potential with 20,000 more police, more money for our NHS and schools, and an Australian style points-based immigration system.This election is about what we can do for you and your family. A majority Conservative government will end the uncertainty, get Brexit done, and focus on making this country the best place in the world to live.Ive met so many wonderful people on the campaign so far - we really do live in a great country. Thank you everyone for your support. 23 days to go!I say, lets get Brexit done so we can get on with making this the best country in the world to live for you and your family.Lets get Brexit done and get to work on the things that matter to you.Tonight Ive written to Jeremy Corbyn to ask him whether hes made up his mind on Brexit.  Because that is why we are having this election, to end the gridlock, get Brexit done, and move on as a country.Lets get Brexit done and introduce a fair and controlled Australian style points-based immigration system.We can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.Let's get Brexit doneLets get Brexit done, end the uncertainty and support our fantastic small and medium-sized businesses by lowering taxes.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family. A future with better hospitals, safer streets, world-class schools and a strong economy.Under my leadership, a majority Conservative government will implement an Australian style, points-based immigration system.We will lower taxes for small to medium size businesses, but we will postpone further corporation tax cuts so that we can help fund our NHS.We're backing small businesses, who are the backbone of so many of our communities.Getting Brexit done and ending the uncertainty Cutting business rates A jobs tax cut Only a majority Conservative government will support our fantastic businesses who strengthen our economy.We can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.A majority Conservative government will cut taxes for you and your family.Getting Brexit done 20,000 new police More money for our NHS More money for every pupil An Australian style, points-based immigration systemLet's get Brexit done!A majority Conservative government will continue to invest more in our NHS and implement a controlled, Australian style points-based immigration system so we can plan for the future.Our new campaign bus is fantastic! #GetBrexitDone #VoteConservativeThank you to all at the Sri Guru Singh Sabha Gurdwara Southall for welcoming me this morning. It was a privilege to join you to celebrate the 550th Birth Anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev Ji.No more dither, no more delay - a majority Conservative government will get Brexit done.We should be so much more positive about the UK and what we can do.  I want us to get Brexit done and unleash the potential of this great country.We can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.We want to get Brexit done and get on with our fantastic domestic agenda - better schools and hospitals, safer streets and a strong economy.This is an amazing country - lets move on with a new Parliament that can get Brexit done, and unleash this countrys potential. Vote Conservative on December 12th.Today were announcing a 640 million Nature for Climate Fund, which will help us plant new trees and protect our wildlife.  Read more here:My thoughts are with all those affected by the serious fire in Bolton last night. Thank you to emergency services for your brave response. I have spoken with AFC Tony Hunter who is in charge at the scene, and we are doing everything to ensure they have all the required support.Thanks to everyone across the UK who is supporting #ChildrenInNeed2019. This great cause represents much of what makes Britain special.Another fantastic Friday in Britain. Thanks to the team at the Coronation Candy factory for teaching me how to make rock today, and also to the Fleetwood Railway society. I hope you all have a wonderful weekend.Its been so fantastic travelling around the country and meeting with so many of you.We want to unleash the potential of all our towns, cities and villages.  Today weve announced a Conservative majority government will cut business rates for shops, cinemas and pubs.We support an Australian style points based immigration system  Control of our borders Allows us to plan ahead for public services Welcomes the best and brightest to BritainWe need a fair and controlled immigration system.We need to get Brexit done so that we can support our brilliant high street businesses and unleash the potential of every town, city and village in the UK.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family. A future with better hospitals, safer streets, world-class schools and a strong economy.Today were announcing that a Conservative majority government will cut business rates for shops, cinemas and pubs. We want to unleash the potential of all our towns, cities and villages.Im enjoying getting out of Westminster and on the road for our campaign to get Brexit done! Lets unleash the potential of this fantastic countryThank you to the amazing people I met today in Bristol, Taunton and Wells!  This country is positive, enthusiastic and ready to get this thing done. Let's move on, and make the UK the best place to live, work, start a business, raise a family, and retire.Hi folks, here's what I've been up to today.Under my leadership, a majority Conservative government will implement an Australian style, points-based immigration system.Update on floods: about 818 properties flooded. Troops helping deploy over 20,000 sandbags to protect 1,000 properties at risk near river Don. Over 14,000 properties protected by @EnvAgency. COBR meeting shortly, more updates after, brilliant work from troops & EA on the ground.We need a fair and controlled Australian style points-based immigration system.When we leave the EU, we can implement an Australian style, points-based immigration system which is fair and controlled.  We want to encourage and welcome highly skilled immigrants to Britain, whilst maintaining control so that we can plan and pay for public services.Another busy day ahead.Huge thanks to our brilliant emergency responders and armed forces who are helping respond to the extreme weather. We are getting resources and help to those who need it.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family. A future with better hospitals, safer streets, world-class schools and a strong economy.We're recruiting 20,000 more police and giving them the powers they need to keep you safe.The Conservatives stand firmly behind the businesses and entrepreneurs who make our country great.For those whove noticed, this really is how I make my tea. It lets it brew and makes it stronger. #partypoliticalbroadcastIve answered a few questions about Brexit, the economy and Marmite. Watch our first election broadcast now.Yesterday I popped into one of my first employers, the Express & Star. All of the staff there do a really top job. Thank you for your great welcome!  Local newspapers are essential and are the political lifeblood of their communities.We will get Brexit done.  We will get Parliament working for you again.  We'll put uncertainty behind us so that families and businesses will be able to plan.  Let's make 2020 the year of investment and growth, not the year of two more chaotic referendums.Wishing Sikhs here in the UK and across the world, a very happy 550th Gurpurab of Guru Nanak Dev Ji, the founder of the Sikh faith.I want a future where Brexit is done and were focusing on the issues that matter to you and your family. A future with better hospitals, safer streets, world-class schools and a strong economy.Under a majority Conservative Government there will be:  50 million more appointments in GP surgeries every year. 6,000 more GPs. 6,000 more nurses, physiotherapists & pharmacists.You work hard and that's why we want to keep your taxes low. Labour's spending plans would hit you straight in the pocket.We're recruiting 20,000 more police and giving them the powers they need to keep you safe.We can only invest in our great public services if we support the entrepreneurs, businesses and hardworking people who get up each day to build our strong economy.Only a majority Conservative government can get Brexit done.As we remember the ultimate sacrifice made by our brave men and women for their country just over a century ago, it is right that we renew our commitment to the soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen and veterans of today.Meet the brilliant Arthur Waring, 91 years young.  After the #ArmisticeDay service today in Wolverhampton I spent some time speaking with veterans at the local pub. What a privilege.Lets #GetBrexitDone and unleash Britains potentialA majority Conservative government will strengthen #OurNHS  50 million more GP appointments  6,000 more GPs 40 new hospitals A skills based immigration systemWe will make more GP appointments available so that you can receive the care that you need.  Read more:The British people have had enough delay & uncertainty. I want us to #GetBrexitDone and spend next year focusing on the issues that matter - tackling violent crime, investing in our NHS & schools, and strengthening our economy.Only a Conservative majority can get Brexit done by the end of January with a deal that's agreed and ready to go.Honoured to meet Fred Bunce, Korean war veteran, at a service in Wolverhampton this morning. Fred continues to serve his community with the Royal British Legion. Today we remember all those who have sacrificed so much for our freedom. #ArmisticeDayAt 11am I will be observing two minutes of silence to remember all those who gave their lives so that we could live in peace. #ArmisticeDay #TwoMinuteSilenceIt's so important that we continue to support our veterans and thank them for all they've done for us.Since Thursday last week, Ive received regular briefings from officials on the flooding thats occurred across Yorkshire and the Midlands. Read my update:We are introducing a new Veterans' Railcard, giving those who've served our country a third off their travel. We will continue to support veterans and recognise their service to our country.The great new deal we've done with our European friends takes us out of the EU in January. Lets build a new relationship based on free trade not political alignment.We will remember them. #LestWeForgetToday I will be thinking of the men and women who, over the centuries, have given so much to protect our country. I will especially remember the men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice in war, so that today we can live in peace. #RemembranceSundayUnder a majority Conservative Government there will be 6,000 more doctors to help reduce waiting times around the country.Selling poppies for @PoppyLegion in Uxbridge this morning. We must always remember and honour the men and women who have given so much to protect our country. #PoppyAppealWe back our armed forces.  We back our police.  #VoteConservative on December 12th.Today we've announced our plan to accelerate the visas for nurses that want to come and work in this country, once we #GetBrexitDone. We are the party of the NHS.When we #GetBrexitDone we'll be able to deliver on the people's priorities like education. #VoteConservative on December 12th.It's time to #GetBrexitDone.  #VoteConservative on December 12.Our deal will allow us to #GetBrexitDone and unleash Britains potential.I cant wait to share with you all our positive vision for Britain! We want to #GetBrexitDone so we can unleash the potential of this great country #VoteConservativeTerrific time on the trail in Teesside, Scotland & Northern Ireland yesterday. Everyone is rightfully optimistic about the future we can all have. We just need to end the gridlock in Parliament. A @Conservatives majority will #GetBrexitDone & get Parliament working again for you.Awful to see the terrible flooding across the North of England. Thank you to the emergency staff & volunteers helping families through this difficult time. Pls follow @metoffice for updates in your area or call the flood hotline: 0345 988 1188.Very sad news from Uxbridge last night. My thoughts are with the victims friends & family.People across the country, just like here on Teesside, want me to #GetBrexitDone. #VoteConservative on December 12th.Visiting Roseisle distillery in Scotland with our fantastic candidate @Douglas4Moray.  The Scottish whisky industry supports over 10,000 jobs in Scotland, and over 42,000 jobs across the UK. We will continue to back these brilliant businesses that keep our economy growing.Fantastic to visit Tetley Tea factory this morning in Stockton and meet with the team here. We want to make this country the best place in the world to do business so that you and your family can get ahead #VoteConservativeMorning folks! Fantastic coffee to start day two of our campaignLets unleash the potential of this great country  #VoteConservativeJust leaving Downing Street to take our message around the country. See you out there folks!Thank you Birmingham! Tomorrow I'll hit the campaign trail and pitch our positive plan to get Brexit done and unleash Britain's potentialLets unleash the potential of this great country #VoteConservativeBrilliant Birmingham reception to our plan to #GetBrexitDone and unleash Britain's potential. Now I'll take our message across the whole country, and I hope very much that you'll stand with us.Get Brexit Done. Unleash Britain's Potential. Vote Conservative.Join me LIVE for the Conservative campaign launchAdding the finishing touches to my speech for tonight. Can't wait to launch our campaign in Birmingham! #GetBrexitDoneOnly a Conservative majority government can get Brexit done. Join me now  #GetBrexitDone #VoteConservativeOnly a Conservative majority will mean that we can #GetBrexitDone. Join meWe will have a General Election on December 12th. It's now up to you, the great British public, to make your voice heard.  Do you want to #GetBrexitDone or have two more referendums next year with Corbyn?On my way to see Her Majesty the QueenLets #GetBrexitDone and take this country forwardA new majority Conservative government in a new Parliament will #GetBrexitDone. #VoteConservativeJeremy Corbyn wants to have another EU Referendum and debate Brexit for years.  I want us to #GetBrexitDone so that we can get on with delivering on Britains priorities: safer streets, better hospitals and improved schools. #VoteConservativeLet's take our country forward and deliver on the people's priorities #GetBrexitDoneTonight I have written to Jeremy Corbyn to ask him if he has made up his mind on Brexit.  The British people deserve to know what they are voting for on December 12th.Jeremy Corbyn wants to have another EU Referendum and debate Brexit for years.  I want us to #GetBrexitDone so that we can get on with delivering on Britains priorities: safer streets, better hospitals and improved schools. #VoteConservativeHats off to South Africa who were just rocklike in defence today but @EnglandRugby can hold their heads high after an amazing tournament. #RWCFinal #ENGvRSACome on England! #ENGvRSA #RWCFinalIts 100 days since I became Prime MinisterLooking forward to making the positive case to the country that we should #GetBrexitDone & deliver on the peoples priorities - #OurNHS, schools, tackling crime & the cost of livingGo for it England. #RWC2019 #ENGvRSA #CarryThemHomeLet's take our country forward and deliver on the people's prioritiesNot the result we wanted from the Bronze Final, but @WelshRugbyUnion have had a great tournament. We're proud of you! #RWC2019 #NZLvWALI want us to #GetBrexitDone so that we can deliver on the priorities of the British people, like investing in our NHS & improving our schools.Hi folks, heres why were having an election.We need a new Parliament to #GetBrexitDoneMy top priority remains, as it always has been, to #GetBrexitDone and to get it done with our new deal. We need to ensure our country has a new, functioning majority government that can deliver on the issues that matter to the British people.We need to #GetBrexitDone so the country can move onWere putting more money into the NHS than ever before #OurNHSLet's take our country forward and deliver on the people's prioritiesParliament & Jeremy Corbyn have blocked everything we need a new Parliament so we can #GetBrexitDone and the country can #MoveOn to focus on the cost of living, NHS, clean energy, violent crime and higher pay #BritainDeservesBetterIsabelle Bibb is one of thousands of people with cystic fibrosis who will benefit from new treatment on the NHS.Were recruiting 20,000 police officers. Together we will cut crime, get criminals off the streets and keep people safe.The death of Baghdadi is an important moment in our fight against terror but the battle against the evil of Daesh is not yet over. We will work with our coalition partners to bring an end to the murderous, barbaric activities of Daesh once and for all.Were putting more money into the NHS than ever before. Im making sure it reaches the frontline and makes a real difference to patients.To everyone celebrating Diwali here in the UK and around the world, I want to wish you all a happy Diwali and a joyful and successful new year. Shubh Diwali!Immense effort by @EnglandRugby, many congratulations to the whole team. Now for the final! #ENGvNZL #RWC19We think every child has the right to a superb education in this country.Hi folks - here's what's going on.  If you want to help me #GetBrexitDone then please sign up here to volunteer:Were investing more money into #OurNHS to upgrade hospitals and improve frontline patient care across the country.Meeting patients and staff at Milton Keynes University Hospital. #OurNHSIf this Parliament cant get Brexit done, then we need one that will. Im determined to lead this country forwardHi folks, as you all know we need to get Brexit done so we can move forward as a country. Either with this Parliament or with a new one chosen by you, the voters.I have written to Jeremy Corbyn: this Parliament must get Brexit done now or a NEW Parliament must get Brexit done so the country can move onThis is fantastic news for those suffering from this terrible disease. I pay tribute to those who have campaigned so passionately and tirelessly on this issue your efforts have made all the difference.