Today and every day, let us recommit ourselves to making certain that we never forget the Armenian Genocide, and that we always speak out against hatred and atrocities anywhere they occur.In the first 10 months of their availability, COVID-19 vaccines prevented an estimated 1.5 million coronavirus infections, nearly 73,000 hospitalizations, and almost 20,000 deaths in California.Let me get this straight.  Desantis Disney/Dont Say Gay retaliation bill could increase a million Floridians' property tax bill by 25%.  But go ahead and keep telling us about fiscal responsibility & your business-friendly climate.Happy Earth Day! CA is on the frontlines of the climate crisis & we arent standing by. We are: -investing more than any state to fight it -reducing pollution -becoming less reliant on oil -innovating the clean energy economy & more Lets all do our part to save the planet.Tune in now!California is taking on vaccine misinformation & disinformation. We are the first state to launch a chatbot in WhatsApp for reliable vaccine and COVID info - in Spanish & English. Hit up our : text hola to 833-422-1090 in the app.THIS is what business friendly means?  We protect free speech in California. We help our businesses grow, thrive, and invent the future. Punishing businesses for speaking out against hatred is the move of an authoritarian regime.In California, a clean energy economy isnt some time far off in the future.  We are doing it today.Happy Easter, California! As we celebrate rebirth and gather with loved ones, let us be filled with hope and joy.Wishing everyone joy and blessings at Passover tonight and throughout the year! Chag Sameach!California companies doing the right thing.Now law in Oklahoma: - A woman who is a victim of rape or incest must give birth to a child. - Doctors performing reproductive care should be bounty-hunted. Shameful.Alabama is following the lead of Texas and Florida and creating hateful laws that will cause harm to kids.  LGBTQ kids already experience excess trauma and increased suicide risk. Laws like this will make those problems worse.Ketanji Brown Jackson has just made history. Our country will be a better place with her on the high court.  Congratulations future Supreme Court Justice Jackson!Climate change isnt waiting for anyone.  California leads the world in turning our resolve into real climate action - more than most other NATIONS - not just states.  But we cant do it alone. The rest of the world needs to catch up.Yet another mass casualty shooting - leaving families with lost loved ones, people injured, and a community in grief.  We are working closely with law enforcement to monitor the situation.  We cannot continue to let gun violence be the new normal.Its #TransDayOfVisibility.  I am in awe of Californias Trans & non-binary residents - their courage, their achievements and contributions.  California will never back down in defending Trans rights and celebrating our LGBTQ community.Reading some banned books to figure out what these states are so afraid of.Hey Disney -  We here in California respect your employees families. We think our LGBTQ residents are part of what makes our state great. Lets talk.This bill was born out of a LIE - that people become gay by talking about it. But the harm it will cause LGBTQ kids is all too real. Hurting children isnt just un-American - its monstrous.Tune in now!A champion of democracy and equality, Madeleine Albright leaves behind a legacy most people can only dream of. She will be missed.NEW: were proposing $11 BILLION in relief, including a $9 billion tax refund for rising gas prices. - $400 per registered car - 3 months of free public transitKBJ shows how to shut down the playground bully.  All class.THIS IS NOT OK!  You are a U.S. Senator. Act like one.Disney employees are doing the right thing today -- standing up for their LGBTQ colleagues against the Florida GOP's hateful attacks. California stands with them.Just watched this again. Thank you @Schwarzenegger.Fighting crime means taking on illegal guns.  Glad to stand with @RobBonta in this race.Nowruz Mubarak! In the spirit of the holiday, let us move forward together and celebrate this new beginning.Happy Birthday Willie Brown!Today, we remember the 8 people - including 6 AAPI women - who were murdered in cold blood in Atlanta 1 year ago.  Horrifying acts of anti-Asian sentiment still occur every day. I proudly stand with our AAPI communities. We must stop Asian hate.This is the right thing to do.  We need more of this from corporate America.The @GOP definition of freedom:  - Banning books - Restricting speech in class - Criminalizing parents of LGBTQ kids And now, proposing the DEATH PENALTY for women who seek abortions.Disney, the door is open to bring those jobs back to California - the state that actually represents the values of your workers.Watch this. 45 years ago, far-right activists in CA pushed a homophobic ballot measure that sought to fire teachers for, essentially, saying gay. Voters defeated it soundly. Reagan denounced it. Have FL & TX learned nothing over the last half century?Nearly HALF of the companies on this list are CA companies.  Thank you for standing up for California values and LGBTQ kids.What could go wrong?California is undaunted and undefeated in the fight for a zero-emission future.  Thank you @POTUS for putting the federal government officially back on the side of clean air and healthy lungs.In the midst of turmoil, California is creating a roadmap. Embracing diversity while seeking common ground. Unifying  not exploiting divisions. Inviting everyone in the fight for a better state. That's the California Way.California leads on climate policy - and others have followed. We need to be fighting polluters, not bolstering them. We can be free from the grasp of petro-dictators once and for all.New tonight --  I'll be working with legislative leaders on a proposal to put money back in Californians pockets to help with rising gas prices.  Lets make it happen.CA raised the minimum wage.  We increased paid sick leave.  Provided more paid family leave.  Expanded child care.  And this year, we will be the first state to provide health for all, regardless of immigration status.  Thats the California Way.On the economy, CA is unmatched.   1 million new jobs in 12 months. More new business starts during the worst of the pandemic than TX & FL combined. But you know what makes us different?  As our businesses grow, we don't leave our workers behind.Authoritarian impulses arent just overseas. They are echoing here at home - stoking fear to divide us. Loud voices seeking to weaken democracy, scapegoat minorities, conjure conspiracies, exploit anger. We must prove theres a better way - a California Way forward.California does democracy like nowhere else in the world.  No other place offers opportunity to so many from such diverse backgrounds.  But we cannot take our democracy for granted.As Ukrainians come under attack, we take strength from their courage.  Tonight, let's reflect on what it means to live in a society where elected leaders still settle disagreements with civility and compromise.  Our democracy's strength reflects the people we represent.Im about to take the podium for my fourth State of the State address.  Tune in!NEW: More support for Ukraine coming from California.  Im ordering state agencies & departments to end contracts with anyone subject to US government sanctions on Russia. We are also calling on California companies to stop new investments & sharing technology with Russia.CA is taking a major step forward to support mental health and fight homelessness. Care Court is a better way of getting people the mental health help they need.  Its court-ordered services, drug treatment, and housing with compassion. This is big.Tune in now.With @POTUS joining California in the fight to take on irresponsible gun manufacturers, we will hold them accountable and save lives. Their greed has helped fuel countless deaths.What a vision tonight. A President standing up to Russia and leading the world through crisis. Backed by two incredible California women leaders. Elections matter.Today, I called on the states retirement funds to restrict Russias access to nearly $1 trillion of Californias global investment portfolio.  Everyone has to put skin in the game.Another senseless act of gun violence in America - this time in our backyard. In a church with kids inside. Absolutely devastating.  Our hearts go out to the victims, their families and their communities.  We are working closely with local law enforcement.Richard Blum lived an extraordinary life, & he left this world better than he found it lifting up communities & helping connect people from across the globe. He was a model Californian, serving wholeheartedly as a UC Regent. Our hearts are with Senator Feinstein & his family.California is standing with the people of Ukraine tonight. Russia is embarking on an unprovoked attack - an armed attempt to overthrow a sitting democracy. There must be consequences.Trans kids and their families should be celebrated - not targeted by the state!  They are heroes. This order is a direct assault on their wellbeing.  To fearful families in Texas right now - Californias door is always open to you.One year into his term, Senator Alex Padilla is doing all of California proud.Thank you, @POTUS! Lithium Valley could be a huge game changer for the world in the fight against climate change. This is what a clean energy economy is all about - creating good jobs, advancing economic justice, and manufacturing climate solutions - right here in California.This is nothing short of a state-sponsored intimidation of LGBTQ children. It will put kids - who are already navigating stress - in physical and psychological danger.  For the sake of these kids, don't do this Florida.Homekey has already helped more than 8,000 people off the streets - and not just in big, urban areas.  This Homekey hotel in Crescent City will address 17% of Del Nortes homeless population. We are laser focused on solutions to CAs homelessness crisis.Gun industry greed has fueled the gun violence epidemic. We are unveiling new tools to hold gun manufacturers accountable for the deaths their products cause. Nearly every industry is held liable when people are hurt or killed by their products - guns should be no different.Tune in now!What weve done works. Lives were saved. Businesses & schools remain open. As case rates decline, we must be humble. We dont know what COVID may bring but weve learned a lot. With SMARTER, we are prepared without being paranoid about how to move forward in a world with COVID.CA has led the fight against COVID. We acted fast to deliver more shots, tests & PPE than any other state. - 70M doses administered - 1.6B pieces of PPE distributed - Billions in direct relief for businesses & those hardest hit by the pandemicNEW: The next phase of Californias COVID-19 response is here. The SMARTER Plan focuses on what works, based on lessons learned from the last 2 years - Shots Masks Awareness Readiness Testing Education Rx treatmentsThis is VILE.  A skull & crossbones with a pacifier on weapon of war.  Made to look cute to appeal to kids.  The manufacturer calls this a JR-15. Every NRA-backed politician should condemn this.Im proud to nominate Justice Patricia Guerrero to be the first Latina Justice on the California Supreme Court. Her story is what CA is all about: Brilliant, accomplished & widely respected. The daughter of immigrants & raised in the Imperial Valley.Happy Valentines Day, @JenSiebelNewsom. Life is always better with you and the kids by my side.The @RamsNFL are Super Bowl CHAMPS!! Congrats to a team built for greatness. You delivered when it mattered -- and made CA proud! What an amazing season.NEW: CAs case rate has decreased by 65% since our Omicron peak. Our hospitalizations have stabilized across the state. Our statewide indoor mask requirement will expire on 2/15. Unvaccinated people will still need to wear masks indoors. Get vaccinated. Get boosted.Another day, another example of how frightened Republicans are of what happens when Americans can actually VOTE.CA continues to DRIVE the clean car market. In 2021, we experienced a 60% increase in our market share from the last year -- and weve now put over ONE MILLION electric vehicles on the road.California will pay you $225 to set up a college savings account for your kid.California is offering $10,000 for college students to work on climate change, food insecurity, and tutoring. Our College Corps alone will be roughly the size of the whole Peace Corps.The JR-15. Tell me you dont care about kids lives without telling me you dont care about kids lives.Congrats to the NFC champion @RamsNFL -- California is well represented in #SuperBowlLVI! And thanks to the @49ers for the exciting season and playoff run -- have a feeling theres more to come from the Red & Gold next year!!A woman who went to Planned Parenthoods El Paso Health Center in Texas seeking an abortion early this month told the centers workers she had been raped. They turned her down.This sends a clear -- and disgusting -- message to kids across the state: you are not welcome here. 42% of LGBTQ youth have considered taking their own life. Floridas response? Take away their ability to talk to their teachers. Its sick.Using this logic I guess we should eliminate the K-12 education system as well.NEW: California is coming together to support employers AND employees. That means: - Extending paid sick leave - Tax relief for small businesses - More grant $$ for businesses impacted by COVID This framework will help keep CA healthy and our economy moving.*Virginia school boards sue to keep students safe and healthy with scientifically proven policies.Please watchCalifornia represent! NFC West represent! Congrats to the @RamsNFL -- going to be an epic Golden State Showdown next weekend!!Thats @49ers football at its best -- no matter the conditions, no matter being an underdog. Onto the NFC Championship! #GONINERSIts been nearly half a century since the Supreme Court affirmed a womans right to choose. But that hasnt stopped states like Texas from maliciously attacking reproductive rights. CA will remain a beacon of hopeEXPANDING access so people can get the care they need. #RoeVWadeWelcome back to CA, @VP! Grateful for the support of the federal government as we make historic investments to protect our communities and forests against the increasing threats of wildfires, drought, and climate change.NEW: CA created 25% of the nations new jobs last month. Thats part of a record 1 MILLION new jobs weve created since February.GOP candidates across the country are starting to propose election fraud police units.  Florida, now Georgia. REMINDER: Widespread voter fraud does NOT exist. These new "police" will serve one goal: to intimidate voters.Nothing like celebrating #MLKDay by trying to cut black representation in Florida by half. California, meanwhile, is expanding access and sending a ballot to every registered voter. We're not scared of what happens when people can actually VOTE.A @49ers nail-biter -- exciting to the last second.  Congratulations on the big win and onto Green Bay!  #GONINERSWhat is unfolding at the Beth Israel Synagogue in Texas is nothing short of horrific. Sending strength to the congregants and their loved ones as we hope for rescue and safety.We continue to monitor the #Tsunami closely. Please listen to local advisories -- stay safe and off beaches that are under a warning.We need to build a future that reflects our changing landscape. That means closing the digital divide and using technology to actually create opportunities for ALL. Excited to dive into @RoKhannas latest on this and more@Rendon63rd love it!! Glad Vienna enjoyed :)More on my decision on the parole of Sirhan Sirhan.Tune in now to hear about CAs $14 billion plan to tackle the homeless crisis.More funding to make college more affordable. That means lowering the TOTAL cost -- from housing, to textbooks, to more financial aid, and more slots for in-state tuition.Tune in now to hear about how CA will become the first state to achieve universal access to healthcare coverage.NEW: CA will explore ways to contract and manufacture our own insulin to reduce costs. Insulin should not drain your bank account.In the last year, California has gotten 58,000 people off the streets and into housing and treatment programs. Now, were doing even more with $2B focused on clearing encampments and providing more housing for people with mental health and addiction issues.The California Blueprint: - Universal Pre-K - Universal School Meals - Highest per pupil spending ever - More before, after, and summer school - More arts and STEM programs - More financial aid for college All while keeping our classrooms safe.Unlike other states, California is EXPANDING ACCESS to abortion services. Our new CA Blueprint expands flexibility for providers so more women can have more access to reproductive care.BREAKING: With our new proposal, California will be the FIRST STATE to achieve universal access to healthcare coverage.NEW: With a surplus of over $45.7 BILLION -- California is a model for the nation on how we can confront our greatest existential threats and make historic investments in our future. We can lead with science and still have a successful economy.Tune in now for some major announcements!We are proposing a NEW COVID-19 Emergency Response Package that will be the largest in the nation and will provide immediate funding for: - More tests - More vaccines and boosters - More support for hospitals - More partnerships to fight misinformationNEW: California now prohibits price-gouging for at-home COVID tests. Because when youre sick, you should not have to worry about being cheated too.NEW: California is deploying the National Guard to testing sites to help expand capacity. If youre feeling sick, dont hesitate to get tested. Make an appointment now:.@LorenaSGonzalez is a fighter and fierce leader who will do incredible things in her next role. Congrats!Great news -- more protection for more people. Boosters are our best defense against Omicron. If youre eligible, get yours today.Good morning. It's a great day to get your booster.It's now official. California is a universal vote by mail state. Voters in all statewide elections will receive a ballot in the mail. Those who still want to vote in person can do so. While other states roll back access to voting -- we're EXPANDING IT.Grateful for our emergency responders working through severe weather conditions to keep communities safe during these winter storms. @Cal_OES has activated the State Ops Center to monitor & coordinate assistance. Please avoid traveling on mountain roads until conditions improveCOVID-19 booster shots increase antibody levels by more than 20 TIMES.  Walk-in. Make an appointment. Its free.Tonight we mourn John Madden he redefined the role of a sports broadcaster his voice as recognizable as anyone who ever did the job. He hoisted a Super Bowl trophy with CAs own Oakland Raiders. Our thoughts are with his family as we mourn this incredible man.Study after study show that getting your booster is the best way to protect against Omicron. The new variant is spreading quickly. Now is not the time to wait. Find a walk-in clinic or make an appointment for your free COVID-19 booster TODAY.California will align with the CDCs updated guidelines for isolation and quarantine time.Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. Rest in power.Merry Christmas from our family to yours! Wishing you lots of joy, love, and cheer today!Santas reindeer have been cleared for landing!  Merry Christmas, everyone!Todays a good day to get your booster.Despite the nay sayers.Santas sleigh found his way.One year ago today, I appointed @AlexPadilla4CA to become Californias first Latino US Senator. Since then, he has been a fighter and champion for CA values -- we are all better off thanks to your work in Washington, Senator!NEW: CA is expanding access to testing to keep Californians safe this holiday season. - We are extending hours at testing sites with increased demand. - We will distribute at-home test kits to every K-12 student returning to public school so we can keep our classrooms safe.Tune in now.Live on TikTok getting a COVID test and talking about CAs new actions to keep Californians safe. Tune in now.Tune in for some important announcements.CA will require healthcare workers to get their booster. As the Omicron variant continues to spread -- were stepping up efforts to get more people boosted and keep Californians safe. Tune in tomorrow for more info.BREAKING: California will require healthcare workers to get their booster.  With Omicron on the rise, were taking immediate actions to protect Californians and ensure our hospitals are prepared. More to come in our official announcement tomorrow.Thank you, @POTUS. The pathway forward is clear: Get vaccinated. Get boosted.NEW: California is launching the largest mortgage relief program in the nation. No one should have to live in fear of losing the roof over their head. Our new program will provide homeowners up to $80,000 in past due housing payments.Get boosted.Tune in now to hear how CA is doubling down on our efforts to fight and prevent crime with my new Real Public Safety Plan.SpottedTune in now!What a pathetic attempt to remain relevant. Go back to your audits of Wayne LaPierres receipts.SCOTUS is letting private citizens in Texas sue to stop abortion?! If that's the precedent then we'll let Californians sue those who put ghost guns and assault weapons on our streets. If TX can ban abortion and endanger lives, CA can ban deadly weapons of war and save lives.The people of Kentucky are waking up to absolute devastation this morning. Our hearts are with them and the states across the central US that were impacted by this terrible tragedy. CA stands at the ready to aid and assist with any response and recovery.Tune in tonight!! 5pm PST.Love this.End of an era cant believe its Brian Williams final @11thHour.  A straight shooter that delivered the news with poise, grace, and facts you will be missed, @BWilliams!!Tune in tonight!!Book Signing & Interview for Ben and Emma's Big HitIll be signing my new book, Ben and Emmas Big Hit live at 2pm -- you can also get a chance to ask me a question while Im signing! Tune in and get your copy!!Californias COVID policies have saved lives. Thats a fact. Take Florida for exampleFloridas death rate is 53% higher than Californias. Their overall case rate per capita is 33% higher. Follow the science.What a powerful moment to share with @WhoopiGoldberg this morning on @TheView, sharing our experiences growing up with dyslexia. Learning differences are nothing to be ashamed of -- we need to teach kids that our differences are actually our superpower!NEW: California is getting 112 new and expanded parks to help build stronger communities and provide more spaces for Californians to enjoy the great outdoors!!Tune in tonight!TODAY'S THE DAY! My new kid's book, Ben and Emma's Big Hit, is now on sale! All proceeds go to @DyslexiaIDA. Growing up, I struggled with dyslexia. I hope this book inspires kids & parents to see learning differences as gifts--not obstacles to overcome.My new kid's book--Ben and Emma's Big Hit--comes out TOMORROW! I wrote this book based on my struggles with dyslexia. Help inspire other kids to see their learning differences as gifts--rather than obstacles to overcome. All proceeds go to @DyslexiaIDA!The pro-life party strikes again.Tune in for some holiday cheer!.@GOP: Government cannot mandate health decisions! Also @GOP: Women cannot be allowed to make their own health decisions!Once again the @GOP want to play political games rather than saving lives.  Now theyre threatening to shut down the government over a vaccine that has proven to protect people against a disease that has stolen over 780,000 American lives. @LeaderMcConnell -- honestly pathetic.Tune in now.Ill be live in just a few minutes. Tune in. YT: FB: TW: @CAgovernorCAs large-scale testing and early detection systems have found the Omicron COVID-19 variant in California. We should assume that its in other states as well. Theres no reason to panic--but we should remain vigilant. That means get vaccinated. Get boosted. Wear a mask indoors.Weapons of war dont belong on our streets. This is a huge victory for the health and safety of all Californians.Happy #Hanukkah to all those celebrating.  On this first night, we remember the miracle of light and its power to overcome darkness. Even in the darkest of times we must remain hopeful.California is monitoring the new variant from Southern Africa closely. We will continue to be guided by data and science. Right now, the best way we know to protect yourself is to get vaccinated and get your booster. Go today. Dont wait.As a kid, I struggled with dyslexia. In fact--I still do. I wrote Ben and Emmas Big Hit to help kids with learning differences know theyre not alone. It comes out Dec. 7th but is on pre-sale now! All proceeds go to International Dyslexia Association.Happy Thanksgiving to all!! So much to be thankful for this year -- but especially grateful for my love @JenSiebelNewsom and our four little ones that are a constant light in our lives. May your holiday be filled with gratitude, joy, and plenty of time with family and loved ones!Get. Your. Booster.Lets goooo Redwood! First time in schools history Redwood is playing for a school title in any sport!! Proud alumni!congrats UC San Diego!! California leading once again.Happy birthday @POTUS!! @JenSiebelNewsom and I are so grateful for your leadership.Make sure to get your booster before Thanksgiving!!That pun though. UNBEARABLE.NEW: California created over 96,000 new jobs in October -- more than any other state. Thats an average of 6 figure job growth for 9 months straight. Unprecedented.America today: you can break the law, carry around weapons built for a military, shoot and kill people, and get away with it. Thats the message weve just sent to armed vigilantes across the nation.America is better off today.Great news for the rest of the country.  The holiday are here make sure to keep your immunity up and protect yourself and your loved ones. Get your booster.Truly sickening.gee, what could go wrongWe believe that access to reproductive healthcare is a basic human right. While states like Texas fight to eliminate a womans right to choose CA is fighting to ensure everyone has access to the healthcare they deserve.At LA and Long Beach ports today talking about how we can alleviate supply chain issues. Good news -- weve seen a 32% DROP over 2 weeks for containers sitting on docks. Today, CAs issuing a temporary truck weight exemption on our highways to keep goods moving efficiently.Get your BOOSTER. CA has expanded eligibility. If its been 6 months since you received Pfizer/Moderna *OR* 2 months since J&J, you can get your shot. Its that simple. Lets keep our immunity UP this winter.Terrific news for CA and the rest of the nation. The time is NOW to build a clean, better future.Get your booster.Good news.COVID cases are beginning to rise -- winter months means people indoors & more possibilities for spread. The unvaccinated are now almost 7x more likely to get COVID, 10x times more likely to be hospitalized--and 18x more likely to die. Keep your immunity UP. Get your booster.Great news -- with boosters, vaccines for children 5-11, and now a potential antiviral this effectivewe have real tools to end this pandemic.The GOP and oil companies want you to believe that getting rid of oil will hurt our economy. CA is proof thats not true -- home to nearly half a million green jobs. SIX TIMES MORE than fossil fuel jobs. Climate leadership & economic growth CAN coexist.The right move.Congratulations, @PhilMurphyNJ!!The Pfizer vaccine is now available for kids 5-11. Science and data dont lie. The vaccine is safe. The vaccine is effective. The vaccine can save your childs life.The whole world has to wake up to the reality of climate change for us to truly make an impact. We cant keep playing in the margins. Time to stop putting oil company profits over our kids future. Time to end our reliance on oil on a GLOBAL scale.Thinking of my good friends @PhilMurphyNJ and @TerryMcAuliffe today. They represent the very best NJ and VA have to offer -- leading with science, courage, and empathy. New Jersey and Virginia time to get out there and VOTE!! Lets leave nothing to chance.Get your booster.Winter is coming. Get your booster.California: Dont miss your shot!! Get your flu vaccine.Good morning. If youre eligible get your booster. Protect yourself and loved ones this winter.We need to stop putting oil company profits over the health of our kids. Your zip code shouldnt determine if your kid gets asthma or is born with a birth defect. Its time to stop the drilling of any new oil wells within 3,200 feet of homes & schools.CA has put the profits of oil companies above the health and safety of Californians for too long. Today, we take another step to change that. Tune in now to hear more.NEW: Just signed an Exec Order to help alleviate congestion at ports in CA. We need to do everything we can to eliminate the supply chain disruptions were facing globally. Were working to tackle immediate issues & bring processes into the 21st century.California Accounts for 12% of U.S. Students, but Only 1% of Covid School Closures Follow. The. Science.Congrats!!@Elex_Michaelson Hmmm. Maybe Ill break some major news today in that case. :)General Colin Powell was a patriot. He broke barriers and worked across political lines toward what he believed was best for the nation. He was a dedicated public servant who served with passion and honor. Sending my deepest condolences to his loved ones.Good news.  Protect yourself. Protect your loved ones. Get your booster when it's your turn.Brutal ending to a great game. Congrats to the @Dodgers on their victory tonight -- and congrats to the @SFGiants on a terrific season. @AlexPadilla4CA guess Ill start warming up for my infield raking dutiesI give you the pro-life party.@JenSiebelNewsom85% of eligible Californians have received at least one COVID vaccine shot. The result? California continues to have the lowest case rate in the nation.@SenToniAtkins @CAgovernor Thank you! Grateful for your friendship!@eqca Thank you!@SenAlexPadilla Also.#GoGiants@SenAlexPadilla Grateful for your friendship!!@LindseyPHorvath Thank you!@laurafriedman43 Thank you!!I see what you did there. Youre on. How about a good ol fashioned bet, @AlexPadilla4CA? Loser joins winning team's grounds crew, raking the infield & mowing the grass, with memorabilia to benefit charity. In my case -- @vetshelpingvets. Go Giants! #ResilientSFNEW: Its official. Parklets & to-go cocktails are here to STAY! Just signed 3 bills that will ensure these great additions to CAs restaurant life are here to stay and that were doing everything we can to support restaurants as we recover from COVID.As Governor of CAexcited that we're guaranteed an historic playoff series between @MLB's two best teams -- the @SFGiants and @Dodgers. One way or another a CA team is moving onto the next round! But as a native San FranciscanI may have a different opinion... #BeatLATonight, we can take a small sigh of relief in the fight for reproductive freedom -- but this fight is far from over.  We must continue until every woman is guaranteed her fundamental right to make her own healthcare decisions.If youre eligible for a vaccine, get one. Its that simple. Protect our kids by slowing the spread.Another day in America. This will barely make the headlines.Tune in now!In Orange County visiting impacted areas from the oil spill. Tune in now for an update:NEW: California continues to lead the nation with the lowest COVID case rate and as the only state in the CDCs moderate transmission category.CA will require our students to be vaccinated. Why? Because its the right thing to do. It will keep our kids safe. We already require vaccines for the measles, mumps, and more. COVID shouldnt be any different.Live on @CNN talking about CAs nation-leading vaccine announcement. Tune in now.BREAKING: CA will require our kids to get the COVID-19 vaccine to come to school. This will go into effect following full FDA approval. Our schools already require vaccines for measles, mumps and more. Why? Because vaccines work.  This is about keeping our kids safe & healthy.Tune in for a major announcement.The Bruce family was stripped of their property in 1924 because of hatred and racism. Its past time to right that wrong. Today, by returning the property CA took another step toward addressing systemic racism and set a path forward for other states & our nation to do the same.Growing up, I struggled with dyslexia. Eventually, I found my confidence on the baseball field. I wrote this book, Ben and Emmas Big Hit, in hopes of helping other kids who are struggling with learning differences. Out December 7th and on pre-sale now!We will never have America defaultthat would be a disaster." - Mitch McConnell, 2019California just made vote-by-mail PERMANENT. Which means every registered voter will receive a ballot in the mail for every election. Unlike other statesCA is working to make it EASIER than ever before to vote. Happy #NationalVoterRegistrationDay!!BREAKING: California is now PERMANENTLY a vote-by-mail state. Because we believe in making voting EASIER and for every voice to be heard.Follow the science.CALIFORNIA: If youre 65+, have underlying health conditions or a frontline worker -- you are now eligible for a booster! Vaccines work. And boosters will help keep CA healthy and our economy thriving. Get your booster!Over 71% of Californias total population has been vaccinated. The result? We have by far the lowest COVID rate in the nation.CA is now the first state in the nation to track violent attacks on the LGBTQ community. The LGBTQ community is nearly four times more likely to be victims of violent crime. To prevent these crimes, we need to know where and how they are happening.At the KNP fire today, while the realities of climate change surrounded us, we signed into law a $15 BILLION package that will help California tackle the climate crisis from record heat waves, to extreme drought, to massive wildfires.Time to put a stop to corporations putting profits over people. No one should lose their job because they took a bathroom break. CA is enacting new, nation-leading laws to keep warehouse workers safe and provide them with the respect they deserve.California -- were ready for boosters.  If youre 65+ or eligible under the new FDA rules, CA has you covered. Our new Vaccine Action Plan will expand operations as more folks become eligible for boosters so CA can remain a safe, healthy place to be.We will never have America defaultthat would be a disaster."Because patients and reproductive healthcare providers should not be threatened or harassed.While Texas and other GOP states continue to strip women of their fundamental reproductive rights, CA is working to defend and expand access to reproductive healthcare. We are a reproductive freedom state -- and proud of it.Tune in now.Good morning. California continues to have the lowest COVID case rate in the nation. Vaccines work.A reminder that Cawthorns campaign website accused a critic of going to work for non-white males, like Cory Booker, who aims to ruin white males running for office."Welcomed news -- long past time that this is the case.We have a vaccine that can help end this. Get vaccinated.Pathetic.Heartbreaking -- but we will not give up. The fight continues for comprehensive immigration reform.CA wasnt scared to take on the NCAA--we were the first to pass legislation allowing student athletes to profit. Now the NCAA is desperately paying loads of cash to lobbyists to preserve their corrupt system. We wont allow their $ to block our progress.California reports lowest COVID-19 case rate in the country.Last month, California added jobs at THREE TIMES the rate of the rest of the nation.NEW: Over 70% of Californians are vaccinated with at least one dose. We now have the lowest COVID case rate in the nation. Vaccines are how we end this pandemic.California is an example for the entire nation. Our leaders cannot and should not be timid about keeping people safe from COVID-19.NEW: California created 44% of the nation's new jobs last month. Our state is leading the way on economic recovery.EIGHTY-FOUR-THOUSAND. Thats the number of NEW housing units and exits from homelessness were creating. Because the dream of owning a home should be ATTAINABLE. Not the crazy, far-fetched idea its become.Oh wow -- you went there.this.Turns out -- vaccines WORK. Over 82% of eligible Californians have at least one dose. Now, we have the lowest case rate in the nation.CA leads the nation with the lowest COVID case rate. Our students are back together in the classroom safely thanks to the progress weve made together. Great to be in Oakland today visiting students at Melrose Leadership Academy -- we even got to play a little basketball :)Its a good day to be a Californian.Now, lets get back to work.Tonight, California voted NO on the recall and YES to Science. Womens rights. Immigrant rights. The minimum wage. The environment. Our future. We rejected cynicism and bigotry and chose hope and progress. Thank you, California.Just one more hour until the polls close. Do what the sign says.CALIFORNIA polls are OPEN until 8pm. Find your polling place here:VOTE NO.Its Election Day, California!! Listen to President @JoeBiden and VOTE NO on the Republican Recall!CALIFORNIA: TODAY IS THE DAY! Lets get out there and VOTE NO!! Find your polling place here:Tomorrow, we show the rest of the nation that we refuse to allow Republicans to drag California backwards. Tomorrow, we leave nothing to chance. Tomorrow, we VOTE NO.Great to be with President @JoeBiden tonight talking about whats at stake in this election.  Lets not leave anything to chance its time to get out there and VOTE NO!Watch live now as President @JoeBiden and I talk about what's at stake in this Republican Recall. Tomorrow is the last chance to let your voice be heard. Vote NO for California's future!Tune in today at 5:30pm President @JoeBiden will join us to talk about everything at stake in this Republican Recall. California, our future is in your hands. Vote NO.Welcome to the Golden State, President @JoeBiden!TOMORROW CA has the power to stand up for progress. For science. For womens rights. For immigrant rights. For commonsense gun safety. TOMORROW we can show the rest of the nation that we wont let Republicans drag our state backwards.  Make sure your voice is heard. VOTE NO.TWO DAYS, California. TWO DAYS to show the rest of the nation that we stand for: - vaccines - climate science - womens rights - immigrant rights - reproductive rights - the minimum wage - commonsense gun safety laws Its ALL on the ballot. VOTE NO.THREE. DAYS. California its time to VOTE.Today we honor the lives of the fallen on September 11th, 2001, and all those impacted by a horrific act of terror. Let us all take a moment to pause and reflect today on working toward a better future for generations to come.Welcome to California.FOUR. MORE. DAYS. California -- its time to VOTE!FIVE DAYS. 5 days to fight for: - vaccines - climate science - immigrant rights - the minimum wage - reproductive rights - commonsense gun safety laws Its ALL on the ballot. VOTE.Listen to @AOC -- grab your ballot. Vote NO. And mail it by September 14th. Theres too much on the line. Make sure your voice is heard!!Great to have CAs own VP @KamalaHarris back to talk about whats at stake this election. This recall is a partisan attempt by Republicans to seize power and move CA backwards on the progress weve madefrom vaccines to economic opportunity to climate change. Vote NO by 9/14!Listen to @BarackObama -- California has a big choice to make on September 14th. Your vote could be the difference. Vote NO on the Republican Recall. Theres too much on the line to sit this one out.Talking about what's at stake in this election with Vice President @KamalaHarris. Tune in now. Then go grab your ballot and vote NO on the Republican Recall.SIX MORE DAYS. Every day is Election Day until September 14th. Fill out your ballot and vote NO on the Republican Recall.The weekend. Minimum wage. Paid sick leave. Breaks during work. Safety standards. Paid overtime. All because of the labor movement.  This #LaborDay lets take a moment of gratitude -- and recognize that the fight isnt over.Great to be in Chinatown this morning getting out the vote at some of LAs finest small businesses with @RepJudyChu!!  Just NINE MORE DAYS to send your ballot in and vote NO on the Republican Recall.CA you have just 10 MORE DAYS to turn in your ballot! Vote NO on the Republican Recall. Mail your ballot. Then tell your friends to do the same.TEN DAYS. Ten days to stand up for Science. Climate. Vaccines. Minimum wage. Reproductive rights. And Californias future. Listen to @ewarren and vote NO on the Republican Recall by September 14th!A womans fundamental right to make her own health decisions could be wiped away on Sept 14th. That means: -all abortion funding cut -all abortion expansion vetoed -pro-life judges appointed Theres too much at stake to sit this election out. VOTE NO on the Republican Recall.Over 80% of eligible Californians have received at least one dose of the #COVID19 vaccine -- putting CA in the top 10 states for vaccination rates.So Texas trusts the decision-making skills of those openly carrying a deadly weapon more than women making their own health decisions.Grateful for the quick approval of support from @POTUS and @VP for the #CaldorFire so California can continue to bolster our response and provide additional support for those impacted by this devastating fire.Texas has effectively banned a womans right to choose. Passed the worst voter suppression law in the country. And continue to push anti-science COVID laws that put lives at risk. This could be the future of CA if we dont vote NO on the Republican Recall by 9/14. VOTE.Silently--in the dead of night--the Supreme Court eviscerated the protection of a womans right to choose that has been protected for 50 years. CA will continue to protect this fundamental right & lead the nation in expanding access to reproductive care.THIS is whats at stake on September 14th. Elder is spewing anti-vaccine lies. He is willing to let young people die.  Californians must vote NO.Over 80% of Californias eligible population has received at least one dose of the #COVID19 vaccine. That ranks us #9 in the country and #1 among larger states. Lets keep it up, California.TODAY is the deadline to register to vote in CA and receive your ballot in the mail. Take 60 seconds of your day and make sure your voice is heard. Register now.An actor, activist, father, uncle and friend to many. You made us laugh, warmed our hearts, fought for justice, and stood up for what you believed was right. You will be missed. Rest In Peace.California -- the deadline to register to vote and receive your ballot in the mail is TOMORROW. Make sure your voice is heard. Register. Then vote NO by September 14th. Then tell your friends to do the same.CALIFORNIA the deadline to register to vote is MONDAY. Theres too much on the line to sit this election out. Register. Vote NO. And tell your friends to do the same by September 14th!Round 2 of Golden State Stimulus checks start to go out this week! 2 out of 3 Californians are eligible for $600 or more -- were putting money directly back into the pockets of those that need it most.Reminder: This does NOT impact California renters. The states eviction moratorium remains in effect.California continues to lead the nation with over 47 MILLION vaccines administered. Over 81% of our adult population has received at least one dose. Get vaccinated. Protect yourself. Protect your loved ones.Daily reminder that the progress CA has made on vaccines and fighting COVID-19 could be wiped away if we dont show up and VOTE. We have to do everything we can to reject this Republican led recall. Vote NO by September 14th. Then tell your friends and family to do the same.Further proof that the Pfizer vaccine is safe and effective. Protect yourself. Protect your loved ones. Get vaccinated.Things to do in the next 23 days:  Vote NO on the Republican Recall. Turn in your ballot.  Tell your friends to do the same. Theres too much on the line to sit this one out.CA is now the first state to require attendees for large events to be vaccinated or show proof of a negative test. Protect yourself. Protect your loved ones. Protect those around you. Get vaccinated.Ballots are arriving. That means every day from now until September 14th is Election Day. Vote NO by September 14th to reject this Republican led recall. Then tell your neighbors, coworkers, family, and friends to do the same. Make sure your voice is heard.Republicans want to drive CA off the same cliff as FL and TX. They want to pretend COVID doesn't exist. Reverse the progress weve made on vaccines. Lives are literally on the line. Vote NO by September 14th on the Republican led recall. Theres simply too much at stake.Tune in now.30 DAYS until Election Day. 30 days to get out the vote. 30 days to make sure Californians know whats at stake on September 14th. Register. Fill out your ballot. Tell your friends and family to do the same.  Vote NO by September 14th and reject this Republican led recall.Ballots are already arriving in CA mailboxes. Great to be in LA this morning phone banking, texting, and getting out the vote!! CA -- make sure to REJECT this Republican led recall by voting NO on September 14th.Listen to @johnlegend -- theres too much at stake to sit this election out. Vote NO by September 14th and reject this Republican led recall.Ballots are arriving in CA mailboxes. Theres too much at stake to sit this election out. Kicked off our weekend of action in SF today at a phone and text bank! Make sure to VOTE NO by 9/14 to reject this Republican recall & SIGN UP to volunteer hereThe force is with us.Tune in.Grateful for your support, Mr. President. Theres simply too much at stake -- vote NO on September 14th to reject this Republican led recall.All California kids will now have access to free meals at school.CA is reporting 141.1 new COVID cases for every 100,000 residents over the last 7 days a rate HALF of Texas (297.8); and less than ONE-FOURTH of Floridas rate (653.8), according to data from the CDC.This is whats at stake on September 14th. The progress weve made on vaccines could go out the windowmasks could be banned -- not an exaggeration to say lives are literally on the line. Vote NO on the Republican led recall. Theres too much at stake.NEW: California will be the first state in the nation to require all teachers and school staff to show proof of vaccination or submit to regular testing. Vaccinations are free, effective and keep our communities safe.Your daily reminder that on September 14th the Republican party is trying to drive CA off the same cliff as Florida and Texas -- They want to pretend COVID doesn't exist. Reverse the progress we've made on vaccines. Ban masking. And put partisan games over people's lives. VOTE.Bye bye.Reminder life doesnt have to continue like this. Get vaccinated.Heres what the GOP want you to believe: -you dont need to get vaccinated -climate change is fake -women shouldnt control their own bodies -gun violence isnt a problem Heres how we stop them in CA: -get vaccinated -vote NO on September 14th & reject the Republican led recallMinimum wage. Climate change. Abortion access. Gun violence prevention. Our ability to fight COVID. Its all on the line. In just ONE WEEK ballots will arrive in the mail. Vote NO on the Republican led recall by September 14.  Theres too much at stake to sit this out.Spent the day in Greenville, surveying damage from the #DixieFire and discussing ongoing firefighting efforts. This is all thats left of the post office. Our hearts ache for this town. Greenvillethough this moment may seem insurmountable, well be there to help you rebuild.We are intubating and losing people that are my age and younger.  Listen to this ICU nurse at a Louisiana hospital begging people to get vaccinated. If you arent vaccinated -- now is the time. Dont wait.Get vaccinated.What an amazing feat for an amazing Californian!!! Congratulations, Allyson!Get vaccinated.NEW: California will now require workers in healthcare settings to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by September 30th.THIS.The climate emergency we face demands immediate action. Cars shouldnt give our kids asthma. Make wildfires worse. Or melt glaciers. Thank you, @POTUS for this bold move to reduce pollution from cars -- inspired by CAs nation-leading framework!Grateful for the firefighters and first responders on the front lines fighting the #RiverFire. If youre in the area please listen to local authority warnings and evacuate when asked.  Stay safe.The right move.Great to be with @SecVilsack today. The extreme weather conditions CA faces require renewed partnerships to fight wildfires and take care of our forests. Grateful for the federal governments commitment.NEW: Over the last 2 weeks, California has seen a 41% increase in vaccinations. Lets keep it up!Californians -- even though the federal eviction moratorium expires today, CAS REMAINS IN EFFECT through the end of September.  That means youre still protected if youve had trouble paying rent due to COVID. Rental assistance is available atAnd of course, @POTUS asked federal employees to get vaccinated or submit to a regular testing program.  Vaccines are how we end this pandemic. They are safe. Effective. And can save your life. Get vaccinated.Uber will require vaccinations for its employees:Lyft will require employees to show proof of vaccination:Netflix will require its casts and crews to get vaccinated:Facebook will now require its employees that return to the office to get vaccinated:Google asked all employees to get vaccinated:The City of Irvine announced it will have state employees show proof of vaccination or get tested:Long Beach followed CAs lead and will require employees to get vaxed or get tested.San Diego announced it will require city employees to get vaccinated or get tested regularly.San Francisco will require new city employees to get vaccinated.LA announced it will have city employees show proof of vaccination or get tested:On Monday, CA announced state and health care workers must show proof of vaccination or submit to regular testing. Since then, many others have followed suit.Vaccines are how we end this pandemic. Thank you, @City_of_Irvine.The right move. Thank you, San Diego!The Delta variant is up to 60% more contagious. Now is the time to get vaccinated. Its safe. Its effective. And it can save your life.Agreed.This week, CA announced we would be requiring state employees to provide proof of vaccination or submit to regular testing. Now, the federal government is following suit. The right move. Thank you @POTUS.Vote NO on September 14th to stop the Republican Recall.Another positive sign: Over 100K vaccines were reported yesterday. Thats the most weve seen in the last 3 weeks.Great news. California saw a 20% increase in vaccines over the last week: - 220,752 1st doses, July 12-18 - 265,856 1st doses, July 19-25 Lets keep it up.Listen to @ewarren. Vote NO on September 14th to stop the Republican Recall.As California goes, so goes the nation.A reminder of what it looks like in other places of the world right now. Get vaccinated. Its free. Its safe. And its accessible. Other people are waiting 111 hours. You can just walk right in.The right move.The right thing to do. Thank you, @RobertGarcia.NEW: CA is now the first state in the nation to expand Medi-Cal eligibility to low-income adults 50 and older, regardless of immigration status.Tune in now.Over the last week, California saw a 16% increase in vaccinations. Lets keep it up.Disgraceful? Here's a word -- murderous.  Your anti-vaccine lies are literally killing Americans. Your own supporters are following you off a cliff and into the ICU. Come clean about vaccines -- they save lives.Ill be live on @CNN at 12pm PST talking about CAs new, nation-leading actions on vaccinations. Tune in!As the states largest employer were leading by example. Vaccines are the solution. We encourage local governments and other businesses to follow suit.NEW: CA will have the strongest state vaccine verification system in the US and will require state employees & healthcare workers to provide proof of vaccinationor get tested regularly. Were experiencing a pandemic of the unvaccinated. Everyone that can get vaccinatedshould.Tune in now for an important announcement.Happy anniversary, @JenSiebelNewsom!! Through the ups and downs, you are our rock that gets us through. A loving mom. A fearless leader. A passionate advocate. A caring friend. And my forever partner.  Theres no one else Id rather be on this wild ride with. Love youNEW: 75% of Californias eligible population has received at least one dose of the #COVID19 vaccine. 77% of our adult population has received at least one dose. Get vaccinated. Protect yourself. Protect your loved ones.CA has worked to improve home care jobs--from a $200M investment in training to a $15 min wage. But we must do more. We cant return to the normal that was before the pandemic. We need the fed govt to expand access and ensure good union jobs for care workers. #CareIsEssentialGrateful for our firefighters fighting the Dixie Fire. If youre in the area -- please stay safe and follow local official warnings.From January 1 to July 14, 99% of COVID-19 cases in California were among unvaccinated people. Get vaccinated.Movies and entertainment are in Californias DNA. This tax credit will help encourage diversity within the industry and ensure film and TV production continue to fuel the California Comeback through thousands of good jobs.Were experiencing a pandemic of the unvaccinated. The vaccine is free. The vaccine can save your life. Dont wait.Whether youre walking your dog, going to the movies, or headed to the storeCalifornians should feel safe.  Were tackling organized retail crime head on, investing in public safety, and reducing gun violenceall while tackling the root causes of crime.One of the last things they do before theyre intubated is beg me for the vaccineI hold their hand and tell them that Im sorry, but its too late. - Alabama doctor, talking about her unvaccinated COVID patients.Tune in now.NEW: California is closer than ever before to closing the digital divide. Just signed into law a historic $6 billion to expand broadband infrastructure for underserved communities. Its 2021. Everyone needs access to affordable internet.Tune in now!Tune in now to hear about our $12 billion plan to tackle the homeless crisis head on.ALL California kids now have access to free meals at schools.Get. Vaccinated.A primetime game in our Nation's Capital has been brought to a halt by a shooting. This is what getting back to normal in America means after a pandemic.NEW: California just signed into law the FIRST state-funded guaranteed income plan.Dreamers represent the very best of who we are as a nation: Hardworking. Aspirational. Filled with hope for the future. We owe it to them to fix our broken immigration system. Congress must act and create a clear pathway to citizenship.Get vaccinated. Its not too late.Get vaccinated."I went to apply and it works. It's real. They paid for my bills, they paid 2 months rent, plus they're paying til September. There is help and we get to sleep better at night." $5.2 billion in rent relief is here for those that need it.Tune in now!Tune in now!This is the largest state tax rebate in history. If you earn up to $75,000 a year you can expect to see $600 in your bank account this fall. If you have kids you can qualify to receive an additional $500, regardless of your immigration status.June was the hottest month ever on record temperatures were the highestscientists have seenin 127 years.No questions. No stigma. ALL California kids now have access to free meals at schools.After lagging behind other states, California suddenly leads the nation in expanding quality preschool.A record $124 BILLION to transform California schools -- A new transitional kindergarten grade. Free school meals for all. Smaller class sizes. More summer and after-school teaching. More tutoring. More mental health and wellness centers in schools.Congratulations to @virgingalactic -- the most innovative state in the world leading the way once again!Congratulations, @MayorOfLA on your nomination.Just signed a GAME CHANGER budget for public schools in CA with more funding than ever before. That means: -A NEW GRADE--finally achieving Universal Pre-K -MORE tutoring -MORE before & after-school programs -MORE mental health services Time to transform our public schools.Tune in now as we transform the public education system in California.C-o-n-g-r-a-t-u-l-a-t-i-o-n-s Zaila!!Today is Clean Californias Statewide Day of Action!! CA is the most beautiful place in the world -- but our streets are simply too dirty. Its time to clean them. Clean CA is a new $1.1 billion program that will: - Clean up our streets and highways - Create 10,000+ new jobsGet vaccinated.The Delta variant is now the dominant #COVID19 strain in CA.  The science shows that getting vaccinated can help protect you. Getting a shot is free -- and can save your life. Get vaccinated.Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July!!The ocean is literally on fire. But yeah, sure -- we cant afford climate action.We know the Delta Variant is contagious -- and is on the rise. We know our hospitalizations are creeping up -- and most of the patients are unvaccinated. We also know the science is clear -- getting vaccinated protects you AND those around you. Get vaccinated.The death penalty has been an abject failure. It discriminates based on the color of your skin and how much money you make. Its ineffective, irreversible, and immoral. Its time to abolish it.Voting rights shouldnt be partisanbut the @GOP has decided its easier to make it harder for you to vote than to win your vote. This decision will open up the floodgates for their voter suppression tactics across the country. Youre up, US Senate. Our democracy depends on youThere's no Republican thermometer. No Democratic thermometer. CA is experiencing record heatwaves -- but we're not alone. Extreme weather patterns are impacting states across the nation. We have to act boldly -- TOGETHER -- to fight climate change.Thank you, @POTUS.How it started:      How it's going:CA is facing another year of record temperatures and dry weather. Climate change is here. We must do everything in our power to fight it & safeguard our state. Thank you @POTUS for your partnership as we expand efforts & invest historic amounts to suppress and fight wildfires.Tune in now.Yesterday, I went to Siskiyou County and was briefed on the #LavaFire that has forced residents to evacuate and has now burned over 13,300acres.  Grateful for CAs firefighters that are working around the clock to battle these dangerous flames.CA has secured a Fire Management Assistance Grant from @FEMA to help ensure vital resources to fight the #LavaFire burning in Siskiyou county. If youre in the area, please stay safe and listen to local official warnings.CA will cover 100% of rent debt & utilities for low-income Californians who suffered because of the pandemic. From April of last year through September of this year -- we will pay your bills. America has never seen rental assistance on this scale before.California is now extending our eviction moratorium until September 30th.Tune in now.NEW: California is investing $5.2 billion to cover ALL the unpaid rent for lower-income Californians who struggled during the pandemic. This is the largest rent relief package America has ever seen. California is ROARING back -- and leaving no one behind.Turns out -- background checks work. Now, let's fix the loopholes on the federal level.The @GOP and @LeaderMcConnell are too scared to see what America would look like if we actually made voting EASIER for Americans. Meanwhile -- California has worked to drop barriers and make voting more accessible.CA is leading the nation in vaccine distribution administering over 41 million vaccines and getting over 70% of our eligible population of 12+ at least one shot. The CA Comeback is here.Silencing the voices of the people -- from debate to voting rights.The writing is on the wall.Over 70% of Californians 12 and older have now received at least one shot of the COVID-19 vaccine.California is planning rent forgiveness on a scale never seen before in the United States.Representation matters. Thank you Carl Nassib for your incredible courage.FIXED IT FOR YOU: Americans have made abundantly clear that if allowed their right to vote, they may vote Dem. The real driving force behind the GOP killing S. 1 is a desire to rig the rules of American elections permanently in Republicans favor.Love this! Sesame Street has (finally) introduced a family with two dads.The NCAAs bankrupt model is finally starting to come apart. Sickening that colleges reap BILLIONS from student athletes but block them from earning a single dollar. This brings us one step closer to fixing that.Still not over last night. What an epic way to come back with a crowd. Way to bring it, #ClipperNation!!Happy birthday to my amazing wife and partner, @JenSiebelNewsom! Youre the strongest, most inspiring woman I know -- Montana, Hunter, Brooklynn, Dutch and I love you so much!!Just got off the phone with one of the $1.5 million winners for Vax for the Win!! Get vaxed and you still have the chance to win a dream vacation, get a ticket to six flags, AND youll get $50!NEW: CA once again leads the nation in health & economic outcomes-- -An additional 104,500 jobs in May, the 4th month in a row of 6-figure job creation & an average of nearly a quarter of national job growth -More vaccinations than any other state & one of the lowest case ratesNEW: Fully vaccinated workers are no longer required to wear masks at work.A huge win. The Supreme Court has rejected the @GOPs attempt to dismantle the ACA and take away quality, affordable coverage. Now, 20+ million Americans can keep their healthcare coverage. And those with pre-existing conditions can take a deep sigh of relief.Tune in!Just take it from @ArianaGrande, @MarissaJWinokur and @JKCorden -- CA is back and fully reopen!!Tune in tonight!!Tune in tonight!!If youre vaccinated in CA -- you can now take off your mask in almost all settings. Get vaxed. Enjoy the fresh air.40 million vaccines. One of the lowest COVID rates in the country. California is BACK and fully reopen!Tune in now as CA reopens our economy!Good morning California. Its reopening day. Weve administered over 40 million vaccines. Now No more social distancing. No more capacity limits. No more colors or county tiers. And if youre vaccinatedno more masks. Its a good day.TheGolden State has no peers when it comes toexpanding GDP,raising household income,investingin innovation and a host of other key metrics.Tune in at 1:30 -- going live with @johnlegend!!Tune in now!NEW: CA has now administered over 40 MILLION #COVID19 VACCINES. Thats over 16 million more than any other state in the nation. 72% of adults have received at least one shot. And on Tuesday we will fully reopen our economy. Its been a long road, but our future is BRIGHT.Get vaccinated by 6/15. Get tacos. Get queso. Get discounts.TODAYS $50,000 #VaxFTW WINNERS are from: Los Angeles Santa Clara Monterey Sacramento Alameda San Francisco Fresno San Diego San Mateo Riverside Orange Kern Get vaccinated so you dont miss out on the $15 MILLION giveaway on TUESDAY!TACO-BOUT-A-DEAL @tacobell is giving away FREE DORITOS LOCOS TACOS on 6/15 for all vaccinated Californians! @ChipotleTweets is offering FREE QUESO! And the @Warriors, @LAClippers and @teamlastore are offering all kinds of discounts! Get vaxed and celebrate CAs opening!NEW: For the first time in over a year, CAs #COVID19 hospitalizations have dipped UNDER 1,000 -- a massive feat for a population of nearly 40 million. Weve now administered nearly 40 MILLION vaccines and are set to fully reopen our economy on Tuesday, 6/15. Lets do this, CA.Tune in to see if youve won $50,000!Weapons of war dont belong on our streets. CAs assault weapon ban has saved countless lives we will do everything in our power to keep it in place.Congrats Tony! We will be announcing more winners TOMORROW! Get vaxed, get cash. #VaxFTWCan confirm on the shin splints. Cant confirm if I have maintained those free throw skillsFollowing the science has not only saved lives -- its ALSO helped our economy come roaring back from this pandemic.California today: 39 million vaccines administered. The lowest case rate in the country. And some of the lowest levels of transmission in the nation.I recently became the first Black male valedictorian in our schools history. And I want to say something about that... Thank you, Ahmed for your powerful words. Look out world -- Oakland Tech is coming with some serious change makers!NEW: California has now administered 39 MILLION vaccines. 71% of our adult population has received at least one vaccine. And we have the lowest #COVID19 case rate in the country.Aurora: AR-15 Boulder: AR-15 Midland: AR-15 Parkland: AR-15 Las Vegas: AR-15 Sandy Hook: AR-15 San Bernardino: AR-15 Poway Synagogue: AR-15 Sutherland Springs: AR-15 Tree of Life Synagogue: AR-15 An AR-15 is not a Swiss Army knife.Overturning CAs assault weapon ban and comparing an AR-15 to a SWISS ARMY KNIFE is a disgusting slap in the face to those who have lost loved ones to gun violence. This is a direct threat to public safety and innocent Californians. We wont stand for it.Todays winners are from the following counties: Mendocino, Los Angeles, Santa Clara, Alameda, San Diego, San Francisco, Orange, and San Luis Obispo! Tune in next week for more!CA tune in now to see if you won $50,000!CALIFORNIA!!! Tune in today to find out if you won $50,000!NEW: The pandemic may be going away... but your to-go cocktails dont have to! CA will now allow to-go cocktails and outdoor dining expansions to stay after we fully reopen on June 15th.CALIFORNIA -- the first 15 winners of $50,000 will be announced TOMORROW. Get vaccinated and.... - get entered to win $$$$ - help businesses fully reopen - save lives ... a pretty sweet set up. #VaxFTWThe #CAComeback is here. And in classic CA style its outpacing the nation.Love this, @SFGiants!!NEW: 70% of CAs adult population has received at least one #COVID19 vaccine. The #CAComeback is here..@POTUS American Rescue Plan has helped create a massive #CAComeback including: -$$ in peoples pockets -$$ for small biz -$$ for public schools Now its time to bring more economic stimulus--a significant, new infrastructure package--to build a bold future & remain competitive.CA has now administered over 37 MILLION vaccines. But were not stopping there. Were offering up to $116.5 MILLION in cash prizes for vaccinated Californians. Getting our economy fully reopen SAFELY means getting as many folks vaccinated as possible.The nation's first 100% zero-emission refrigerated grocery delivery truck arrived today in Irvine!! Paired with electric transport refrigeration units -- the future is zero-emission!1. You can win up to $1.5 million. 2. You will very likely not die from COVID. Seems pretty good. Get vaccinated. #VaxFTWTune in tonight!! #KimmelLets do this CA. VAX FOR THE WIN. #VaxFTWCA is launching a $116.5 MILLION GIVEAWAY for vaccinated Californians! $15 MILLION in cash prizes for 10 winners selected 6/15 $50k for winners on 6/4 & 6/11 Already vaccinated? Youre entered. Not vaccinated? Next 2 million that get fully vaccinated can ALSO get a $50 card.HUGE announcement today on vaccine incentives. Californians -- youre definitely going to want to tune in for this one!!CAs laws tragically cannot prevent all shootings -- but they have saved thousands and thousands of lives. Imagine if we experienced that nationwide. We cant do this alone. We need ACTION on the federal level. No more stale rhetoric. We need commonsense gun laws -- NOW.The most recent CDC datashows: - CA has the 7th lowest gun death rate in the nation - CAs gun-related death rates are 40% below national average. - CAs gun homicides among 15-24-year olds fell to the lowest rate since 1970.In 1993, CA had the 3rd highest rate of gun homicides in the country and the 16th highest rate of gun deaths overall. Since then CA has become a national leader on gun safety.THREAD: Some people (...meaning the @GOP and @NRA) like to point to horrific shootings like yesterdays and say CAs strict gun laws dont work. The reality is that is simply not true. A quick review...The CA comeback: - more $$ for stimulus checks - more $$ for small businesses - more $$ for our kids - more $$ to clean our streets - more $$ to fight wildfiresWe need to deal with the pandemic before this pandemicgun violence. Tomorrow the news may move onbut the labor community & loved ones of the 8 victims of todays shooting wont. Time to move past the stale rhetoric of thoughts & prayers & pass commonsense gun laws NATIONWIDE.We are in close contact with local law enforcement and monitoring this situation closely.Huge announcement today... make sure to tune in!! Live at 2pm -- links below.GAME CHANGER. CA is partnering with the Biden administration to open up the West Coast for offshore wind development for the first time in HISTORY. That means: -enough to power 1.6 million homes. -new jobs -new clean energy to fight climate changewhat could go wrongIn 2020, lightning strikes and record heat brought us the worst wildfire season in CA history. Climate change is here. Were investing record amounts to prepare CA. More black hawks. More air tankers. More firefighters. And more projects to make our state more resilient.NEW: Today, CA released our updated guidelines for a full reopening on 6/15. Were keeping it simple. Businesses will be able to return to usual operations. Physical distancing and capacity limitations will no longer be required for most places. More:In the category of things the GOP will ignore today-- CA continues to lead the nation in job creation (3rd month in a row). Largest job gains: CA (+101,800) Next up... MORE BLUE STATES : NY (+29,200) CO (+17,000) And largest % increase: HI (+1.8%)@JeremyBWhiteNEW: CA created 101,800 jobs in April.  Thats nearly 40% of all jobs created in the NATION. The #CAComeback is happening in real time.CA is the best place on earth. You should be able to afford a home here. How do we fix that? Build more housing. Heres 4,000 more housing units. And more to come.CA is the most diverse state in the worlds most diverse democracy. This kind of hatred and anti-semitism has no place here.Climate solutions are about neighborhoods thriving.Tune in now.Two-thirds of CA adults have now received at least one dose of a #COVID19 vaccine. Lets. Keep. It. UP.CA has now administered over 35 MILLION vaccines. We will implement the new CDC mask guidelines on 6/15, when we fully reopen our economy. Protect yourself. Protect your loved ones. Get vaccinated.$600 checks. Wiping away rental debt. Grants for small businesses. Universal Pre-K. Cutting the cost of college. Housing for 65,000 homeless Californians. Historic amounts to combat wildfires. CA is coming roaring back.NEW: CA will be investing a record $2 billion to combat wildfires. Climate change is here -- and CA is more prepared than ever before to fight wildfires and make our forests more resilient.NEW: CA is launching a new service program. 12,500 students can get college scholarship $$ by volunteering in their community. #CAComebackNEW: CA is proposing a new grant program for those that lost their job during the pandemic. $1 Billion for displaced workers to explore new career pathways -- you can go back to school, get new training, or start a business.When CA reopens, our tourism industry is going to come ROARING back. We're dedicating $95 million to help CA's tourism thrive.NEW: CA will be closing the digital divide. We're investing $7 billion to achieve BROADBAND FOR ALL -- making broadband more accessible than ever before.There's no #CAComeback without tackling the homelessness crisis head on. It's time to go big. $12 Billion for the biggest homeless housing increase in CA history that will help bring 65,000 people off the street.NEW: California will eliminate debt owed for traffic fees and fines for low-income Californians. Tickets from 2015 - June 2021 will be forgiven.CA is providing the LARGEST rental relief program. For those that need it, we will pay your back-rent, your rent for months to come, AND your utility bills.CA's MASSIVE $76 Billion surplus is proof that CA will be roaring back from this pandemic. First step -- the largest state tax rebate in American history. $600 back to 2/3 of Californians. Plus an additional $500 for folks with kids.CA will come ROARING back from this pandemic. Tune in now to hear about our $100 Billion #CAComeback Plan.NEW: CA will be expanding our small business grant program to $4 BILLION. Thats on top of the largest state tax cut for small businesses in CA history. More money going directly to small businesses that need it so CA can come ROARING back from this pandemic. #CAComebackCA will: -Convert thousands of school sites into full-service community schoolsthe kind of campus every parent wants for their kid -Reduce class size -Give out grants for teachers who serve our most vulnerable - And deliver the kind of mental health services our students deserveA GAME CHANGER. The highest level of state school funding in CA history. Public schools are going to transform: -CA will have a NEW GRADE--finally achieving Universal TK -College savings accounts will be created for 3.7 million kids with a deposit of $500Tune in now.CA is the most beautiful place in the world -- but its time to clean it. Less trash. More art in communities. And 15,000 new jobs to make it happen.In California -- the answer is YES. $600 checks are coming to 2/3 of Californians. And if you have a kid, you can benefit from an additional $500.Its time to go big to end homelessness in CA. $12 billion means... - The largest expansion of homeless housing in CA history. - Ending family homelessness in 5 years. - $$ to clean up our streets and transform communities.Tune in to hear about our $12 billion to tackle the homelessness crisis in CA.Look out --CA is coming ROARING back from this pandemic. First thing we're doing is putting $ back into the pockets of Californians--with the largest state tax rebate in American history. $600+ checks to the middle-class & even more $$$ if you have kids.$$$ back in your pocket: Two out of every 3 Californians will receive a check of at least $600 -- and families with kids will receive another $500.Tune in now.NEW: CA is delivering immediate relief to renters through the largest renter assistance package in the COUNTRY: $5.2 billion for renters to cover their back-rent AND their rent for several months into the future. And $2 billion to help pay overdue water and utility bills.Another discriminatory Trump-era policy REVERSED!TUNE IN NOW.NEW: CA will be expanding the Golden State Stimulus to middle class families -- creating the biggest state tax rebate in US history. 2 out of every 3 Californians will now benefit from a stimulus check of at least $600. And families with kids will now get an additional $500.CA moms deserve more support. Whether its as caregivers or breadwinners. Were expanding childcare supports across the state and adding 100,000 child care slots the largest expansion of its kind and investing millions more for child care providers.You fill our world with joy, laughter, lots of animals, and endless fun. You are our rock. Our strong foundation. Reminding us every day to lead with empathy, care, and compassion. Montana, Hunter, Brooklynn, Dutch and I love you so much, @JenSiebelNewsom!!! #MothersDayOur hospitalizations are at an all time low. Our case rate is the lowest in the nation. Turns out... the vaccine works. Following the science works.California has administered over 30 million vaccines. We now have the lowest #COVID19 case rate in the nation. The vaccine is free. Its safe. Its effective... And you dont need to just take my word for it!! :) Dont miss your shot!Its a good day.Good morning. Hospitalizations in CA are now at an ALL TIME LOW since the start of the pandemic."Reports of the Bay Areas business exodus have been greatly exaggeratedat least if @Times new list of the 100 most influential companies in the world is any indication... Nearly half of the 64 US companies on the list are based in the Golden State."Good morning. California has now administered over 30 MILLION vaccines.Great to be at @UniStudios today!$6 BILLION back to small businesses that need it most.100 days. 100 days of restoring... Facts. Science. Empathy. Leadership. And HOPE. Feels good.This is not voter protection. Its straight up voter SUPPRESSION.NEW: I just signed a $6.2 BILLION tax cut for small businesses into law. If you received a PPP loan in the state of California, you will no longer be taxed on that loan.Tune in now.California has the lowest #COVID19 case rate in the nation.CA will be aligning with the new CDC guidelines. If you're fully vaccinated, outdoors, and not in a large crowd -- you do not need to wear a mask. We've administered 29+ million vaccines & have the lowest positivity rate and case rate in the nation. Let's do this. Vax up, CA!!Another discriminatory Trump-era policy wiped away!NEW: CA is stepping up and sending lifesaving oxygen supplies to India as it faces a devastating #COVID19 surge.This Republicanrecall threatens our values and seeks to undo the important progress weve made -- from fighting COVID, to helping struggling families, protecting our environment, and passing commonsense gun violence solutions.  There's too much at stake.Science is BACK. Climate deniers are OUT. And California is ready to LEAD once again.NEW: Californias #COVID19 positivity rate is 1.2%. Not only is that the lowest in the country its the lowest positivity rate CA has experienced in a year. The light at the end of the tunnel is BRIGHT.Up to 34 million children will have access to food this summer thanks to this program. This is great, and much needed, news for families across the country.This is for anyone who has the faith and the courage to hold on to goodness in themselves, and to hold on to the goodness in each other. Congratulations Chlo Zhao on making history as the first woman of color to win the Oscar for best director!#OscarsNow, lets abolish it.After additional review of the J&J #COVID19 vaccineCA will resume administering it immediately. Grateful to count myself one of the 1 million Californians to receive this safe, effective vaccine. CA has administered 28+ million vaccines. Protect your loved onesget vaccinated.Tune in now as we make history and swear in @RobBonta!NEW: California is now the first state to declare an end to oil extraction in the country. Today, we're announcing that we will phase out all oil extraction as part of a world-leading effort to achieve carbon neutrality and ban fracking by 2024.ICYMI: Another Trump lawsuit that denied climate change has been wiped away. The Ninth Circuit dismissed a baseless suit against CAs cap-&-trade agreement one of the largest emissions trading systems in the WORLD that has helped lower greenhouse gas emissions. Thanks, @POTUS.Happy Earth Day, CA!Congrats to CAs next AG @RobBonta!!Last year CA experienced a historic wildfire season. We set a WORLD RECORD temp in Death Valley. Orange skies covered the state. Headlights & porch lights stayed on all day. We have to address climate change with the urgency it deserves. Thank you @POTUS.California now has the lowest #COVID19 case rate in the nation.@JamesFallows @CalVolunteers Thanks @JamesFallows.  Service is in so many ways the antidote to partisanship. Proud of this program and all its accomplished. More to come!!And with CA accounting for over 27 million of those shots! The light at the end of the tunnel is brighter than ever before.Where Im standing I should be 40 ft under the water of Lake Mendocino. Instead--Im on dry, cracked earth. Thats climate change. Today I declared a drought conditions state of emergency in Mendocino & Sonoma to immediately increase drought resilience.Tune in now.George Floyd would still be alive if he looked like me. That must change. No conviction can repair the harm done to the Floyd family, but todays verdict provides accountability. Now, we must continue our work to root out the racial injustice that haunts our society.California innovation powers the world and BEYOND. The #MarsHelicopter, Ingenuity, made history today as the first craft to achieve controlled, powered flight on a planet beyond Earth!!Almost impossible to see this not going terribly wrong...Over 1 in 4 Californians are now fully vaccinated. Sign up:California has now administered over 26 MILLION vaccines. Thats nearly 10 million more than any other state. And more than all but 5 countries in the world.Love this!! Congrats Elizabeth!In the midst of a pandemic, CA set up a national model to help solve homelessness by converting hotels into permanent housing. Nowthe Biden administration and states across the country are replicating our model, bringing countless folks off the streets.Half of eligible Californians have now received at least one dose of the #COVID19 vaccine.What getting back to normal in America means after a pandemic.This Tweet from @GavinNewsom has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.Tune in now.Tune in!!Nearly 50% of eligible Californians have been vaccinated. Weve administered 24 million doses-- over 8 million more than any other state. We have the lowest positivity rate in the country. And today, everyone 16+ can go get vaccinated! Feeling hopeful.This is sickening to say the least...Starting today, everyone 16 and older in CA is eligible to receive a #COVID19 vaccine.Tune in now.Tune in now.Out of an abundance of caution CA will follow the CDC & FDA & temporarily pause use of J&J. J&J is just 4% of CAs supply from the feds right now. Vaccines are still overwhelmingly safe. Were vaccinating 3+ million people a week and are still on track to fully reopen 6/15.Californias #COVID19 positivity rate is 1.5%. Not only is that the lowest in the nation -- its the lowest positivity rate in CA since the beginning of the pandemic.California has now administered over 23 million vaccines.CA is investing a historic amount $1 billion to prepare for wildfire season.Tune in now.Inaction on the issue of gun violence has torn apart this country for too long. Today is a good day in America. Thank you @POTUS. Congress: its your turn.California is going to roar back from this pandemic.20 million vaccinations. Stable hospitalizations. The lowest positivity rate in the country. We can start planning our lives post-pandemic (!!!) if we keep masking and vaccinating.Trans youth belong. Trans youth are loved. No bill will change that. But that doesnt mean we should accept this.Mask up and Vax up, California!!Tune in for a major announcement here:BREAKING: CA has administered 20+ million vaccinations. We have the lowest positivity rate in the US. Stable hospitalizations. Now, were looking forward. Were setting our eyes on fully reopening by June 15th with commonsense measures like masking. Mask up & get vaxed, CA.California has now administered over 20 million vaccines. Over 70% of our 65+ population has received at least 1 dose. Over 40% of our 16+ population has received at least 1 dose. Over 4 million vaccines have been administered in our hardest hit communities. Lets keep it up!California now has the lowest positivity rate in the country.Good morning. Here is yet another poll showing strong bi-partisan support for commonsense gun laws including: - Universal background checks - A national database of gun sales - Banning guns from schools Were waiting, Congress.Huge congrats to @StanfordWBB for winning the NCAA Womens Basketball Championship!!!Happy Easter from our family to yours!California has administered over 19 million vaccines.Californians 50+ are now eligible for a vaccine. On 4/15 everyone 16+ will be eligible. Yesterday, I visited @CSUBakersfields mass vaccination site where communities hit hardestincluding our agriculture workersare getting shots in arms. Lets do this.Hey @MLB feel free to give us a call.  In California we actually work to expand voter access -- not prevent it.Because legalizing cannabis is the right thing to do.In 2019, we launched a fund to assist asylum seeking families. Together we have provided shelter, transportation, medical care and more. Today, I sat back down with the community leaders who continue to step up to assist with humanitarian efforts at our border.Dropped by to thank the officers who were on the scene last night during the mass shooting in Orange. Californias hearts are with all those that were impacted by this terrible tragedy.California has now administered over 18 million vaccines.Just received my #COVID19 vaccine. Cant help but be filled with hope, gratitude & determination. Hopethat the light at the end of the tunnel is brighter. Gratitudefor everyone who helped us get here, & determinationto fight like hell in the final sprint to end this pandemic@JeremyBWhite Oh noTune in as I get my #COVID19 vaccine.Starting today, those 50 and older are eligible to receive their #COVID19 vaccine in CA! Ill be getting Johnson & Johnson today.Horrifying and heartbreaking. Our hearts are with the families impacted by this terrible tragedy tonight.History will judge societies and governments...not by how big they are or how well they serve the rich and the powerful, but by how effectively they respond to the needs of the poor & the helpless. Csar Chvez spent 25 days fasting in this room in 1968. #CesarChavezDay@anthonyjairltGreat to see other states joining CA in legalizing cannabis -- throwing out archaic policies and recognizing what an abject failure the war on drugs has really been. Who is next?$80 million. 1400 new firefighters. Climate change has brought CA world record-breaking temperatures and historic wildfire seasons. This funding will support our heroic firefighters and save lives as they work to prevent and tackle destructive wildfires.Congrats, @UCLAMBB!! #FinalFourNailed it.Heartbreaking and horrifying. These acts of hate and bigotry have no place in CA. #StopAsianHate250+ new voter suppression bills have been introduced across the country to solve an election fraud issue that the @GOP have made up. Still waiting for the 250+ @GOP bills to prevent gun violence. Meanwhile -- this was one week ago today.This is absolutely sick.These dangerous proposals should produce outrage not praise and imitation.Today, Long Beach Unified became the largest public school system to bring kids back into the classroom. Its a good day.A history maker that will take on righteous fights and reverse injustices. Thats @robbonta -- the next Attorney General of California.CA has distributed 16 million vaccines. And now, were opening up eligibility. Starting April 1st: those 50 and older will be eligible to get a vaccine. Starting April 15th: those 16 and older can get a vaccine.NEW: CA is expanding eligibility for the #COVID19 vaccine. Beginning April 1, Californians 50+ will be able to sign up for an appointment. Beginning April 15, eligibility will be expanded to everyone 16 and older. The light at the end of the tunnel continues to get brighter.Tune in for an important announcement.Tune in now for a historic announcement..@RobBonta will make history as the 1st CA Filipino Attorney General. He represents what makes CA great--taking on righteous fights & reversing injustices. In this moment of sickening attacks on AAPI Californians there's no one better to defend CA valuesCalifornia is now projecting $14.3 BILLION more in revenues than what we were expecting in January -- and $3.8 billion more than in February. That means: - $$ for small businesses - stimulus checks for Californians - $$ to reopen our schools safelyProgress.Reminder: 1994 was the last time a major gun safety law passed the US House and Senate.2 mass shootings in one week.  At least 10 dead today in Boulder. Our hearts ache tonight for all those impacted. We need to come to terms with our gun safety laws in this country. Every day more lives are lost to senseless violence. We need national commonsense gun laws. Now.Happy birthday to my dear friend and CAs newest Senator @AlexPadilla4CA!!California has now administered 15 million #COVID19 vaccines. Thats 5 million more than any other state.This is so... logical...CA logged a record breaking week: - Nearly 1 million vaccines administered in 48 hours. - Over 14 million total administered. - Nearly 5 million more than any other state. - Ranking 6th in the world for total administered. Lets GOHappy Persian New Year to all those celebrating!$1 billion in student debt for 72,000 borrowers will be eliminated. Great news.Acts of violence and bigotry stoke the flames of hatred and racism and spread like a viral disease across our entire society. We all have a responsibility to speak up. Speak out. And support the AAPI community. And that support shouldnt end this weekor after #COVID19 ends..@saharw has played an essential role leading our comms team during a pivotal time in CA as we work to get shots in arms and our kids back in school. Grateful for her counsel -- I know she will continue to make an impact fighting for ourCA values in her new national role!Congratulations to my friend, @XavierBecerra on this historic appointment! Youve spent your entire career fighting for justice & the last 4 defending the #ACA. Now youll help lead our nation toward quality, affordable healthcare for all as we build back better from #COVID19.NEW: CA has now administered 13.1 million vaccines. In the last 48 hours, we administered nearly one million vaccines -- a new record..@SBAIsabel is exactly who we need to build back better. She helped CA craft the largest small business grant fund in the nation and oversaw a 22% increase in small business licenses statewide during the pandemic. Congratulations, Isabel!!California innovation and ingenuity strikes again!The attack in Georgia and the racist attacks that have been happening all across our country are abhorrent. Our hearts are with the families of all the victims of this horrific act and the entire AAPI community tonight. #StopAAPIHateNEW: California has now administered over 12.6 million vaccines. Yesterday, we set a new record -- administering nearly half a million vaccines in 24 HOURS. Over 400,000 teachers and school staff have now been vaccinated. In the last 7 days, we administered 2 million vaccines.History. Made. Congratulations, Madam Secretary.NEW: California has now administered over 12 million vaccines. Our #COVID19 case rate continues to drop -- down 27% in the last week alone. Our positivity rate has dropped to 2.0%, the 4th lowest in the nation.I wont be distracted by this partisan, Republican recall -- but I will fight it. There is too much at stake. Getting Californians vaccinated, our economy safely reopened, and our kids back in school are simply too important to risk. Join us:CA has been leading the way on environmental policy -- moving markets and creating new standards for how we attack the climate crisis that is in front of us. Its great to have a partner in that fight.One year ago we made the tough choice to issue a stay at home order. We know this year hasnt been easy. But hope is here. We have the most robust vaccination program in America and #COVID19 rates are the lowest they have been in months. We can do this.The light at the end of the tunnel keeps getting brighter and brighter.California has now administered over 11 million vaccines.Last night, we shared the story of Catarah & Shoneji owners of Southern Girl Desserts in Baldwin Hills that received a $15,000 grant from CA that helped keep their business open and running during #COVID19. Today, I stopped by to say hello! Their optimism for CA was contagious.More help is on the way: - $1400 checks - $3600 for every child, over several payments - $300 UI for 6 months - $350 billion for state, local and tribal governmentsCalifornia isnt going to come crawling back from this pandemic. We will roar back.California wont come crawling back. We will roar back.Its a great night to look ahead to CAs brighter future.Our hopeful vision of our brighter future is the basis for the decisions we make today. This is our moment, to create the CA we all want to live into extend the dream of prosperity, equity, and progress to all.  And continue to lead the world, into the future once more.In 2020 CA simultaneously faced two once-in-a-generation crises. We combatted the worst wildfire season in our CA history in the middle of the pandemic. The hots are getting hotter. The dries are getting drier. All across the globe. In CA we call it what it isclimate change.CA is where garages are the launch pads for world-changing industries.  Anyone with the telltale tenacity of a small business owner can create their own CA Dream. Were providing the largest small business grant fund in the nation. $2.6 billion for those impacted by #COVID19.The light at the end of the tunnel is brighter than ever. Weve gone from 53,000 COVID cases per day to 2,600.  Our positivity rate is down from 14% to 2.1%. Hospitalizations are down more than 80%.  ICUs are down 77%.  And CA has administered nearly 11 million vaccines.CA has the most robust vaccination program in America. Weve distributed nearly 11 million vaccines. We now rank sixth in the world for vaccine distributionahead of countries like Israel, Russia, Germany and France.Even as we grieve lets allow ourselves to dream of brighter days ahead.  Because we wont be defined by this momentwell be defined by what we do because of it. After all, we are California.54,395 Californians we mourn with broken hearts. Lost to #COVID19. Almost the exact number of empty seats at Dodger Stadium. 54,395 Californians who will never be forgotten by family, friends...and the healthcare workers who bore witness to unimaginable tragedy.Tune in now for my State of the State. Im speaking to you from Dodger Stadium transformed from the home of the World Series champs, into a centerpiece of Americas mass vaccination campaign.Tune in tonight for my State of the State Address at 6pm.CA promised that 10% of our vaccine allocation -- 75,000 doses every week -- would go to our teachers and school staff starting March 1. In the first week, we far exceeded that goal and administered 210,224 vaccines for our education staff.Truly terrific, hopeful news. Weve turned a page. Over 56% of CAs 65+ population have received at least one dose -- and that number continues to increase every day.California has now administered over 10.6 million vaccines. Global ranking of vaccine administrations: 1. USA 2. China 3. EU 4. UK 5. India 6. CaliforniaGlobal ranking of vaccine administrations: 1. USA 2. China 3. EU 4. UK 5. India 6. Brazil 7. California 10 million vaccinations. 20% of our 16+ population have received a dose. Hope is here.Its a good day today. CA just reached 10 million vaccines administered. Our #COVID19 rates are the lowest they have been in months. And we just signed a $6.6 billion package to reopen our schools and get our kids back in the classroom.NEW: CA has now administered 10 MILLION vaccines. The light at the end of the tunnel keeps getting brighter and brighter.Were setting aside 10% of our vaccines for teachers and providing $6.6 billion for schools to re-open quickly and safely. Its time to get our kids back in the classroom.40% of our vaccine allocation will be going to communities hardest hit. We will never beat back this virus and re-open safely without a targeted approach for our most vulnerable communities.NEW: California's #COVID19 positivity rate has fallen to 2.1% -- the lowest it has been in 4 months. Our case rate is now 1/3 of what it was a month ago. Hospitalizations are down 41 percent. ICU's are down 43 percent. Weve now administered nearly 10 MILLION vaccines.More:NEW: CA is setting aside 40% of #COVID19 vaccines for communities hardest hit. That goal will be how we re-open our economy safely. Its the right thing to do AND the fastest way to end the pandemic. Case rates are down. Vaccinations are up. CA continues to lead with science.Teachers from Torrance to Compton are getting their vaccines at CSU Long Beach! Great to be back today.CA has now administered over 9.3 million vaccines. 20% of our 16+ population have gotten a shot. Over 50% of our seniors have received a dose. Over 90% of veterans in CA's homes have been vaccinated. The light at the end of the tunnel continues to get brighter and brighter.Its #ReadAcrossAmericaDay and it was great to be back in the classroom with these 1st graders!! CA is: - Providing $6.6 billion for schools to get kids back in class - Setting aside 10% of vaccines for school staff Lets get our kids back in class quickly and safely.Fantastic news.Absolutely reckless.NEW: CAs #COVID19 positivity rate is now 2.3%. Only 7 other states have a lower positivity rate than we do.$6.6 billion to get our kids back into the classroom by the end of the month.How it started:      How it's going:This is great news.We need to get our kids back in the classroom. CA is providing $6.6 billion to reopen our schools safely: - Schools in counties in the purple tier should open grades K-2 by April 1. - Schools in the red tier should open all elementary grades by April 1.NEW: CA has now administered over 9 million #COVID19 vaccines. Our test positivity rate has dropped to 2.3%. Today we report 3,516 cases of COVID-19. 6 weeks ago, we were reporting over 50k cases. Vaccine rates are up. COVID-19 rates are down. Progress.We need our kids back in the classroom quickly and safely. Tune in for an important update on CAs school reopening efforts.Excellent news. CA is expecting around 380,000 doses to arrive as early as this week.Cant believe this little one turns FIVE today -- where did the time go?! Happy Birthday Dutchy we love you!!Special guest today in Fresno -- @georgelopez -- spreading the word about vaccines for our farmworkers!!Diversity. Opportunity for all. California's values transformed our state into the Golden State and the California Dream into a reality. And now, @AlexPadilla4CA is bringing those values and that dream to the national stage.NEW: CA is expecting 380,000 doses of the new Johnson & Johnson vaccine as early as next week. We expect that number to increase as supply becomes more available.On Monday, we said CA would set aside 34k vaccine doses for our farmworkers & open 11 new vaccine sites in the Central Valley. Just 4 days later, were back visiting one of those new sites using the doses we promised. And with an added bonus my friend @georgelopez!Live in Fresno with the one and only @georgelopez talking about CAs efforts to vaccinate farmworkers.Getting our kids back in the classroom safely and quickly must be a top priority. CA will be reserving 10% of our vaccine supply for our teachers and school staff. About 75,000 doses will go to counties every week to administer to education workers.CA is setting aside 10% of our vaccine allocation specifically for teachers and school staff.NEW: California has now administered over 8 million #COVID19 vaccines.Don't bow down to critics who have not themselves written great masterpieces. Lawrence Ferlinghetti To the man who created masterpieces and opened up the power of art and poetry to so many thank you. Rest In Peace.NEW: Hundreds of thousands of small businesses from restaurants to nail salons will now be getting fees waived until 2023.Its official: - $600 stimulus checks - $2 billion in grants to restaurants, hair salons & more - $24 million in aid to agricultural workers - $35 million for food banks and diapers - $100 million in financial aid for community college studentsIts official nearly 6 million $600 stimulus checks will be going out to Californians.Announcing a MAJOR economic relief package -- including $600 stimulus checks and billions for small businesses. Tune in now.@Daniel24019112 We did not dream it &gt;Ah yes, because no one screamed qualified quite like say...Betsy DeVos.  In her confirmation hearing she claimed schools might need guns to CHASE AWAY GRIZZLY BEARS.Lets GOOOO. Congratulations, New Jersey. Who is next?!Not waiting around.500,000. A heartbreaking number.  Today, we grieve the loss of our fellow Americans and look to a future of healing and hope.CA innovation!NEW: CA will be increasing vaccine allocations to the Central Valley by 58%. Well also be: - Launching up to 11 new mobile vaccine sitesopening as early as Friday. - Setting aside an additional 34,000 vaccine doses for our farmworkers. Equity is our priority.NEW: California has now administered over 7.4 million vaccines. We now rank 6th in the world.In Long Beach -- tune in.Dropped by 2 mobile vaccine sites that opened this week thanks to CAs partnership with @FEMA. Romona Gardens and Faithful Center Bible Church sites are focused on equity and working directly with the communities they are in to serve some of the hardest hit areas.#COVID19 UPDATE: Weve now administered 7.3 million vaccines. Yesterday we surpassed Israel & now rank 6th in the WORLD. 1 month ago we reported 20k cases. Today: 6,760 cases. 1 month ago we reported 9.3% positivity rate. Today: 3.1%. Hospitalizations 41%. ICUs 38%.Supply is still limited. While we wait for more from the federal government, CA is setting aside vaccines to make sure our teachers can get vaccinated.NEW: California has now administered over 7 MILLION vaccines.Millions of folks from across the country came together to support CA during our devastating wildfires. Now, its time to lend a hand to folks in Texas. Consider supporting orgs on the ground providing food & resources to folks during this crisis.CA innovation leading the way once again!! The Perseverance Rover was built and designed at @NASAJPL in La Caada, CA.California is QUADRUPLING our immediate relief for small businesses:  - $2 billion in grants to restaurants, bars and more - $2 billion of tax cuts - 2 years of fee relief for restaurants, bars, barbering, cosmetology#COVID19 UPDATE: Weve now administered 6.93 million vaccines. One month ago we reported 24k cases. Today: 6,798 cases. One month ago we reported 9.9% positivity rate. Today: 3.1%. Hospitalizations are down 39%. ICUs are down 35%. Progress.Live from a new mobile vax clinic that will serve teachers and school staff.Just got CAs 3 week forecast for vaccine allotment from the federal government: Week of 2/21: 1,375,050 Week of 2/28: 1,404,950 Week of 3/7: 1,525,780 Modest increases every week. Good news. And were ready for more when they have it.11 million people who call America home can now see a pathway to citizenship. CAs values--liberty, diversity, opportunity for all--helped mold our state into the Golden State & can transform immigration from an imagined threat to a recognition of hope & opportunity. Thank youLearn more:NEW: CAs small businesses will now benefit from... - $2 billion in grants - $2 billion in tax cuts for 750,000+ small businesses -2 years of waived license fees for 59,000 restaurants and bars - Fee relief for 600,000 barbering and cosmetology businessesCA will be sending $600 checks to those that need it most.Good stuff.NEW: CA will be providing $2 BILLION in grants to small businesses -- more than any other state in the nation. Learn more and apply here:More here:NEW: 5.7 million Californians will be receiving $600 stimulus checks from the State of California.$9.5 billion in economic relief will be on the way to Californians: - $600 stimulus checks - $2 billion in grants for small businesses - $100 million in emergency student aid And more.Just announced an economic relief package with the Legislature that includes: $2 BILLION in grants for small businesses (QUADRUPLED) Fee relief for 59,000 restaurants/bars Fee relief for 600,000 barber & cosmetology businesses $600 stimulus checks for 5.7 million CaliforniansDropped by a mass vaccination site in Loma Linda -- medical students training to be dentists, nurses, doctors, and more are helping administer 1,250+ shots every day.CA has started vaccinating our farmworkers. In Coachella theyre using innovative pop-up sites on fields & work sites. This innovative model has allowed for 2,300 farmworkers in Riverside County alone to be vaccinated -- and were just getting started.At a mobile vaccine clinic in Coachella today. Riverside County was the first in CA to begin vaccinating farmworkers through an innovative model-- registering farmworkers in the field for upcoming vaccine pop-ups and working with local organizations to conduct education efforts.Tune in now.Congrats Paty!!More good news -- grateful for the partnership of @potus and @fema.Congratulations, Heidy!!#COVID19 UPDATE: Weve now administered 6.25 million vaccines. Today we opened 2 new mass vaccination sites. One month ago we reported 40k cases. Today: 5,692 cases. One month ago we reported 11.4% positivity rate. Today: 3.5%. Hospitalizations are 39%. ICUs are 32%.CA has now administered over 6.25 million vaccines. Today we launched 2 new sites in partnership with @FEMAproviding an ADDITIONAL 84,000 doses of the vaccine to CA every week. These sites will also have mobile units that will focus on vaccinating harder to reach communities.Tune in now for an exciting announcement.Another hopeful day in CA. 2 new mass vaccination sites are now officially OPEN thanks to our partnership with @FEMA. These sites will operate seven days a week, vaccinating thousands a day. Sites are by appointment only. VisitTomorrow, the @Athletics stadium will become a vaccination site thanks to CAs partnership with @FEMA. Check eligibility and register for an appointment at#COVID19 update: Weve now administered over 6 million vaccines. One month ago, we reported 43k cases. Today: 6,487 cases. One month ago, we reported a 12% test positivity rate. Today: 3.7%. Hospitalizations are down 39%. ICU admissions are down 33%. Progress.CA has now administered over 6 million shots. Were averaging over a million a week. And we now rank 7th in the world for vaccine administrations. Supply is our largest constraint.Happy Valentines Day to my rock and the best mom and partner out there, @JenSiebelNewsom!! Thank you for your passion, your patience, your kindness -- and all the love you show us every day. I feel so lucky that I get to do this crazy adventure called life with you.6 MILLION vaccines administered!  ( on for the full effect)Yesterday, CA broke a record administering more vaccines than ever before. One month ago, we reported 34k cases. Today: 9,421 cases. One month ago, we reported a 13% test positivity rate. Today: 4.1%. Hospitalizations are down 37%. ICU admissions are down 31%. Hope is here.Yesterday, CA recorded our single highest day of #COVID19 vaccine administrations yet. Weve now administered 5.75 million doses.Today in 2004: Del & Phyllis said I do. They had been together for 50 YEARS but were never given the right to marry. One of the greatest moments of my life was allowing them to tie the knot. It serves as a reminder everyday -- it's always the right time to do the right thing.Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating! Wishing you good health and prosperity in the #YearoftheOx. Great to drop by Hons Wun-Tun House in Chinatown, SF they just received $15,000 from CAs Small Business Grant Fund!Progress."We're now on track to have enough supply for 300M Americans by the end of July." This is great news. Thank you @POTUS. CA stands at the ready.@AngeliqueAshby @NatomasUSD Great work!!Dropped by a vaccine site focused on equity that opened today at Natomas High School. They reserved appointments for lower income residents, made individual calls to the community, and even had translators on site. First 1,000 appointments were filled in less than 24 hours.CA has administered over 5 million vaccines. 1 in 10 residents have now been vaccinated. Supply is our #1 issue.CA has now administered 5 MILLION vaccines. Today, in the Central Valley we announced a new vaccination site at an OptumServe testing facility in Reedley. Were also working with FEMA to announce a new vaccine site in partnership with @POTUS. More to come soon.1 in 10 people have now been vaccinated in CA. Hope is on the way.1 in 10 people have now been vaccinated in the state of CA. This is Maria Suarez. Shes 85, a former farm worker, and lives in Fresno. She just helped California pass a new milestone 5 MILLION vaccines administered. Maria -- keep inspiring us all with your hope and tenacity!Tune in now.CA has now administered 4.9 million #COVID19 vaccinations. Today, the @49ers @LevisStadium opened as a mass vaccination site. Were focused on speed, equity, and safety.MORE GOOD NEWS: The @49ers @LevisStadium will open TODAY as a #COVID19 vaccination site in partnership with @SCCgov. This new site will have the ability to scale up to be California's largest site -- vaccinating 15,000 people a day --once CA has more supply.#COVID19 UPDATE: - One month ago, we reported 53k cases. Today: 8,251 cases. - One month ago, we reported a 14% test positivity rate. Today: 4.8%. - Hospitalizations: down 34% in last 2 weeks. - ICU admissions: down 26% in last 2 weeks. Hopeful signs continue.CA has already provided over $237 MILLION to small businesses hit hard by #COVID19. Restaurants, hair salons, barbershops and more can get $5,000-$25,000 grants from the state. Applications for round 2 close TODAY. Apply now:CA has now done 4.75 million #COVID19 vaccinations. Thats 1.5 million more than any other state. Averaging a million a week for the last 2 weeks -- were moving faster than ever to get vaccines out and into arm.#COVID19 UPDATE: - Cases are down 29% over the last 7 days - Average test positivity rate: 5.0% - Hospitalizations are down 34% in last 2 weeks - ICU admissions are down 25% in last 2 weeks Hopeful signs continue.CA has now administered over 4.65 million vaccines. Two weeks ago we neared 1 million shots administered. Last week we exceeded that, vaccinating over 1 million people in 7 days. This weekwe will continue that pace with equity as our guide. Supply is still our #1 constraint..@PetcoPark was CAs first mass vaccination site. In less than a month, the site has administered over 100,000 vaccinations -- averaging 5,000 people a day, 7 days a week. Terrific work under the leadership of @nathanfletcher, @MayorToddGloria, @UCSDHealth, @Padres and more!Tune in now were live from San Diegos mass vaccination site @PetcoPark that is vaccinating 5,000+ people a day.Amanda Gorman on the cover of TIME.CA is seeing signs of progress and hope. Our cases are down and our vaccination rates are up. But that also means we must continue to be vigilant and safe. Lets keep it up.The climate crisis isnt something in the distant future its here. Now. In October CA pledged to conserve 30% of CAs land and coastal waters by 2030. Now the United States of America has joined us. Feels good to finally have a partner in the fight.In 2020 nearly 10,000 fires burned over 4.2 million acres of CA. Were treating climate change like what it isan emergency. By requiring new cars sold to be zero-emission vehicles by 2035 CA moved markets & created industry-wide change for the better.#COVID19 UPDATE: - Cases are down 31% over the last 7 days - Average test positivity rate: 5.5% - Hospitalizations are down 31% in last 2 weeks - ICU admissions are down 24% in last 2 weeks Hopeful signs continue.CA has administered over 4 million #COVID19 vaccines. Were now administering about a million doses a week. Hope is on the horizon.CA is leading the way with first in the nation pilot sites that will vaccinate more people in underserved areas.Abolish the death penalty.CA has now administered over 4 million vaccines -- by far more than any other state. Last week alone we neared 1 million shots administered. This week we exceeded that -- vaccinating over 1 million people in 7 days. Speed, equity, and safety continue to be our top priorities.#COVID19 cases are on the decline. #Vaccine rates are up. All signs of hope as we speed up our vaccine administration and concentrate on equity.Strategically placed pilot sites in East Oakland and East LA will help CA safely and equitably speed up #COVID19 vaccinations.@seungylee14More vaccines for more Californians. Grateful for the partnership of @VP and @POTUS.#COVID19 UPDATE: - Cases are down 26% over the last 7 days - Average test positivity rate: 6.1% - Hospitalizations are down 30% in last 2 weeks - ICU admissions are down 22% in last 2 weeks Good signs of progress -- but we must continue to be vigilant. Wear a mask. Be safe.First in the nation pilot sites. Thousands of vaccinations a day at each site. This is what real federal partnerships can help create. Thank you @POTUS.NEW: CA is now projected to have $10.3 billion more than we projected in our #CABudget. Thats more support for our small businesses, vaccine administration, schools, and more.NEW: CA is partnering with the Biden Administration and @FEMA to set up 2 first-in-the-nation vaccination pilot sites at Oakland Coliseum & CSU Los Angeles. We expect these sites to open to eligible members of the public beginning February 16.Tune in now.CA has already begun giving out half a billion dollars in *GRANTS* to our small businesses. Our #CAReliefGrant Program is helping small businesses hit hardest by #COVID19 like restaurants and personal services. The 2nd round of applications opens TODAY:Congratulations to Secretary Buttigieg making history as the first LGBTQ Cabinet Secretary approved by the Senate!!How it started:       How it's going:Thank you @toyota, @FIATUSA, @Hyundai, and @subaru_usa for dropping your climate-denying, air-polluting, Trump-era lawsuit against CA. Good start. Now its time to join forward-looking carmakers in the CA framework to protect our air and planet.Project Roomkey is a national model.  It has saved countless lives and sheltered 23,000+ people.  That work can now continue in CA -- and the rest of the nation -- with a 100% reimbursement from FEMA.  Thank you @POTUS.CA is working around the clock to provide life-saving vaccines to those on the frontlines of this pandemic. We will not be deterred or threatened. Dodger Stadium is back up and running.California now has the strongest renter protections in the nation.Congratulations to Californias new and first African American Secretary of State @DrWeber4CA!Today, I signed #SB91 -- extending our eviction moratorium and providing $2.6 BILLION to pay back rent. Graciela can now focus on her family -- not on the fear of eviction.CA has now done over 3 million vaccinations. In less than 2 weeks, we went from 1.5 million vaccinations to over 3 million getting 58% of our stock in arms. And our pace is continuing to accelerate.California now has the strongest statewide renter protections in America. AND has $2.6 BILLION to pay back rent. Today is a good day.Tune in!How it started:      How it's going:Forgot what it feels like to have an administration thats focused on EXPANDING access to healthcare not taking it away.HUGE NEWS: @GM will align with CA & eliminate the sale of gas & diesel cars by 2035. This is the future--every other company should follow suit. With these aspirations were guessing GM will also support the CA car deal w/@Ford @Honda @VW @Volvo & @BMW!History.So much pain and horror came out of this policy -- its a new day in America.CA is prioritizing our teachers and school staff to get the #COVID19 vaccine.  @RobertGarciaCA has tripled our pace of vaccine administration -- but were not stopping there.Thanks to @Ford, @Honda, @VW, @volvocars and @BMW for their leadership on emissions standards from the beginning. And to @GM and @Nissan for dropping their lawsuit and joining us in the 21st century. Who is next?Hey, @Toyota, @FIATUSA, @Hyundai, and @subaru_usa hope you watched @POTUS remarks. Thats leadership. Now, before all you companies start talking about national emissions standards, why dont you start with DROPPING your climate killing, Trump-era lawsuits against CA?And now, the United States of America joins us. Thank you, @POTUS.Thank you @POTUS for taking bold, historic leadership and joining CA in the fight against climate change.Tune in now!!Going live with @RobertGarcia around 10am today to chat about #COVID19, vaccines, and what the state is doing to speed things up. Tune in!Sign up now to get notified when its your turn to get the #COVID19 vaccine &gt;Its time for CA to simplify, standardize, and speed things up to get more #COVID19 vaccines in more arms.Californians can now sign up to get notified via text or email when its their turn to get the #COVID19 vaccine. Eligible folks in LA & San Diego -- as a part of our pilot program -- can begin scheduling appointments on the same platform. LEARN MORE:CA is so proud -- there's no one better to tackle the economic challenges we're facing as a nation.Patriotism is not defined by gender or orientation. This is long awaited, fantastic news.Californias families need protections from eviction--NOW. We just announced an agreement to: - Extend our eviction moratorium through June 30th. - Pay off up to 80% of low-income tenants' unpaid rent - Administer $2.6 billion in renter aid-- quickly.3. Supply issues must be addressed.  We have directed providers to use their supply, or we will reallocate it to providers who will. CA is working tomove to a unified, statewide network to maintain consistency and accountability.2. Standardize vaccine information & data: - Partnering with @salesforce and others to create one end-to-end data system, My Turn. - Californians will be able to make appointments & sign up to know when its their turn This will help track our vaccines & eliminate data lags.1. Simplifying our vaccine eligibility framework: - CA is moving to a single, statewide, baseline standard - Continue through 65+ and healthcare workers, prioritize first responders, food & ag workers, teachers & school staff -From there, transition to age-based eligibilityCA has tripled and sustained our pace of administering the #COVID19 vaccine. But we know we must do more and move faster including:#COVID19 UPDATE: - Cases are down 37.9% over last 7 days - Yesterday, we performed 403,193 tests - Average test positivity rate: 8% - Hospitalizations: down 20% in last 2 weeks - ICU admissions: down 10% in last 2 weeksTune in now.So proud of @JenSiebelNewsom on the 10th anniversary of her groundbreaking film #MissRepresentation. This film changed the conversation, and opened the doors for women in leadership everywhere. Heres to your many more groundbreaking years ahead!$500 million in small business grants -- not loans -- starts to go out TODAY.In 2016, California became one of the first states to seek a $15 minimum wage. Today, the President of the United States said he is raising the minimum wage to $15/hour for federal workers. Your turn, Congress.The Golden State Stimulus -- $600 rapid cash directly to 4 million Californians. This will act as a bridge while we wait for more federal relief.I led the effort to decriminalize & legalize cannabis because the war on drugs has been an abject failurewith disproportionate & devastating impacts on communities of color. These are the types of entrepreneurial opportunities we dreamed ofthanks Jay-Z!A plan based on science -- not politics.We now have a leader who is willing to say that Americas diversity is our STRENGTH. What a beautiful thing.An additional $600 for those that need it most will provide an immediate bridge while we wait for more federal relief. #GoldenStateStimulusLove this!!Cars shouldnt: -Give our kids asthma -Make wildfires worse -Melt glaciers Were in the middle of a climate CRISIS and transportation is responsible for 50% of CAs greenhouse gas emissions. Thank you @POTUSits time to be as bold as the problem is big.Not to be missed: @POTUS took his first step in reversing Trumps anti-LGBTQ policies -- making discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity not only intolerable, but ILLEGAL.Love this.Tomorrows front page..@johnlegend giving us all the feels tonight. What a talent. What a setting.An official OFFICIAL congratulations to Senator @AlexPadilla4CA!!We are BACK -- and with a leader that isnt scared to say the words climate change is real. Now, lets get to work. #ParisAgreementCalifornia born. Americas future. Thank you for inspiring us all today, @TheAmandaGorman.Today, President Biden called for unity. Healing. To once again listen to & respect our fellow Americans to end this uncivil war. CA stands ready as a full partner to the Biden-Harris administration as they tackle some of the most challenging crises our nation has ever faced.It is a hopeful and inspiring day in America. Our country is rooted in our democratic ideals and the peaceful transfer of power. Today, history was made with President Joe Biden & CAs Vice President Kamala Harris. Now, we come together to become the America we know we can be.Padilla. Warnock. Ossoff. Love to see it.The norms of what just is isnt just-ice. Well said, Amanda.We must end this uncivil war that pits red against blue, rural versus urban, conservative versus liberal. We can do this if we open our souls instead of hardening our hearts. - @POTUSPresident Joe Biden.History made. Congratulations, MADAME VICE PRESIDENT. We are so, so proud of you.Gaga &gt; MagaFeeling patriotic this morning. Its a nice feeling.It is time.Tonight, California joins cities and states across the nation as we light our State Capitol in amber to honor and remember the lives lost to #COVID19. #COVIDMemorialOur values have been under attack for the last 4 years. Tomorrow, we take in a big, deep breath of fresh air as we turn the page and welcome our next President, @JoeBiden.Starting Thursday, LA County will join the 30+ counties across the state that are vaccinating 65+ residents.Tackling the climate crisis head on. Building a more affordable healthcare system for all.  Others are talking about it -- we are doing it. It's no wonder the new Administration is using CA's progressivism as their roadmap to success.@kathrynbarger Thank you.@SupJaniceHahn Thank you for your leadership.Speed, equity, and safety have to be our top priorities. Great to see Los Angeles County joining 30+ counties across our state that are expanding access and vaccinating residents 65 and older.History made. Today, I signed the paperwork to officially appoint CAs first Latino US Senator, @AlexPadilla4CA and nominate CAs first African American Secretary of State, @AsmShirleyWeber.A fearless fighter. A voice for the voiceless. In the face of adversity -- you have always stood up for our CA values. We will be so proud to call you Madame Vice President.CA has now administered more vaccines than any other state -- getting 40% of our doses out and in the arms of our healthcare workers and most vulnerable. Progress -- but we still need to do more. We continue to ramp up our efforts with the goals of speed, equity, and safety.CA is working around the clock to ramp up our vaccine efforts. - more sites. - more vaccinators. - expanding access. - maintaining equity.Congratulations to @Virgin_Orbit -- an amazing achievement from the coast of the most innovative state in the world, CA!Long Beach has vaccinated its healthcare workers and nursing homes -- and has now started vaccinating those that are 65 and older, emergency personnel, and some essential workers. Grateful for the partnership of @RobertGarcia.The Trump administration has now conducted more federal executions in the last few months than in the last 67 YEARS.Dodger Stadium is now one of the largest vaccination sites in the country -- scaling up to vaccinating 12,000+ people daily.Its simple -- states need more vaccines and clarity of when we will be receiving them. @HHSGov has achieved the opposite.CA is working around the clock to speed up our vaccination process, while maintaining safety and equity: - enlisting more vaccinators - opening mass vaccination sites - 65+ eligible to receive the vaccineCA is significantly increasing our efforts to get vaccines out.  This week, we launched mass vaccination sites across the state. Today, we're announcing that Californians 65 and older are eligible to receive the vaccine. #EndThePandemicHospitalization growth rates have slowed. ICU & positivity rates are stabilizing. Today, the Sacramento region is coming out of the Regional Stay-at-Home Order. Hopeful signsbut we must approach them cautiously. Wear a mask. Be safe. Avoid gathering.This is an important move. Today, we asked our vaccine workgroups to look into CAs guidance and consider broadening our priority groups to 65+ ASAP.NEW: CA will be opening mass vaccination sites this week including Dodgers Stadium, Padres Stadium, and CalExpo. Our goal continues to be fast, equitable, and safe vaccinations statewide.Tune in now.The climate crisis were facing demands bold action -- but we cant leave communities behind in that process. Were proposing $1.5 billion to help people purchase electric vehicles & invest in CAs future to achieve our 2035 zero emissions vehicles goal.America will come back from these dark days and shine our light once again. Thank you, @Schwarzenegger.CNN is now reporting police found a truck full of bombs and guns near the Capitol insurrection.  And this is what youre tweeting. Sit down.All-hands-on-deck to ensure every Californian can get vaccinated safely.All-hands-on-deck to get more vaccines to more Californians.No tuition or fee increases.  More student aid.Today, Im proposing a budget that reflects the urgent needs of Californians including: - More funding for vaccines - $2 billion to re-open our classrooms - $600 stimulus checks - $4.5 billion for small businesses & jobs - $2.5 billion to fight wildfires & the climate crisisTune in now.Congratulations to CAs own Isabelle Guzman!Front pages today.An additional $600 stimulus. An extension of the evictions moratorium. $2.6 billion in rent relief. Help is on the way for those hit hardest by #COVID19.What were witnessing in the US Capitol is reprehensible. An outright assault to our democratic institutions. Our hearts are with our Congressional Delegation and the brave public servants that work in our Capitol every day.Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has a nice ring to it.Today, CA announced our $4.5B economic relief package: - $1B+ in immediate relief for small businesses including grants & fee waivers - Tax credits for new hires & more - Major jobs package including apprenticeships, housing development & more green jobs#COVID19 UPDATE: - New cases today: 29,633 - Average daily tests: 285,500 - Average test positivity rate: 12.4% - Hospitalizations: up 18% last 2 weeks - ICU: up 22% last 2 weeksTune in now.Congratulations to a fierce fighter for the people. CA is proud to call you Speaker once again, @SpeakerPelosi!We all want 2020 to end. Celebrate its end safely. Hope is on the horizon.LIVE NOW. Tune in!Going live with Dr. Fauci on Facebook in a few minutes! Tune in here:Our students are our future. Our teachers and school staff help shape that future. They will be prioritized for the vaccine--and well do everything we can to support them as we work to bring our students back to in-person instruction safely. Learn more:2) A $2 billion proposal for schools to: - Put safety and mitigation measures in place like more PPE, ventilation improvements, and REGULAR testing. - Create more transparency and accountability by having schools submit safety plans and report cases to the state.Today, CA introduced our plan to get our kids back to in-person instruction SAFELY as early as Feb. This will include: 1) A phased in approach--encouraging our youngest & those most impacted to return first. Recent data shows transmission rates are lower among younger children.Tune in now.Over 6,000 units of housing for the homeless. Under budget. Ahead of schedule. Project Homekey is the biggest, fastest expansion of housing for the homeless in California history.NOT BREAKING: Mitch McConnell once again puts his own self interests and desire for power above the needs of the American people.Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.Transmission rates are at an all time high across the country. Simply put -- everywhere you go, youre more likely to get #COVID19 than you were a couple months ago. Wear a mask. Practice physical distancing. We can get through this.Happy #Kwanzaa to all those celebrating. While this year may look different, may your holiday still be filled with warmth, love, and new ways of finding community.Merry Christmas from our family to yours. I know this holiday season looks different this year, but we hope its still filled with light, love, health, and joy in the little things.  ( from our virtual Capitol tree lighting ceremony!)Santa -- youre cleared for entry.Love this!#COVID19 UPDATE: - ICU capacity statewide has dropped to 1.1% - Number of COVID+ ICU patients has doubled in 3 weeks - Hospitalizations are up 61% - 7-day average positivity rate is 12.6%(a slight decline) Dont take your health for granted. Wear a mask. Stay home. Be safe.A fearless advocate with unimpeachable integrity and moral clarity -- theres no one better suited for the job of Secretary of State than @AsmShirleyWeber. With her, CA will continue to be a model for the nation in expanding democratic participation and access to the ballot box.His appointment will make history. But the @AlexPadilla4CA I know is far more interested in changing history -- especially for the working men and women of our state and country. I can think of no one better to represent the state of California as our next United States Senator.Since Day 1, @Ann_OLeary has been my right hand -- helping build a diverse team and lead us through many crises. From wildfires to pandemics, she has served CA with her all and kept focus on making life better for everyone that calls this state home. Thank you, Ann!110,300 of the Moderna #COVID19 vaccine arrived today in CA. CA is expecting 672,600 doses to arrive throughout the week. While we wait for mass distribution in the coming monthswe have to take this disease seriously.  Please continue to be safe, stay home, and wear a mask.Our Western States Scientific Safety Review Workgroup confirmed today the Moderna #COVID19 vaccine is safe for public use. CA is expecting 672,000 doses to begin arriving this week.Over 7 million people have already activated CA Notify. In 60 seconds you can help slow the spread of #COVID19.BREAKING: Dr. Fauci has vaccinated Santa Claus. Because... #2020.HUGE: FEMA just announced it will permanently fund CAs Project Roomkeymaking hotels available for those in need for the duration of the pandemic. Project Roomkey has already sheltered 23,000+ homeless individuals. Now, we can continue that work.BREAKING: The FDA has approved the Moderna #COVID19 vaccine for emergency use. CA is expecting 672,000+ doses to arrive early next week.Transmission rates are at an all time high right now across the country. Simply put everywhere you go, youre more likely to get COVID-19 than you were a couple months ago. I know were tired, but we cannot ignore this surge. Wear a mask. Wash your hands. Keep your distance.Yes. Right now, we sit at one of the greatest intersections of innovation, investment, and opportunity the world has EVER known. Time to transform what was the best politically impossible into the inevitable & prove that environmental protection and job creation go hand-in-hand.Modernas #COVID19 vaccine just moved significantly closer to FDA authorization for emergency use. Great news for the 672,000 doses were planning for by the end of this month.History. Congratulations @DebHaalandNM!!Nothing like the pro-life party eliminating healthcare during a GLOBAL PANDEMIC. California will survive without this $$ for now -- but their frail, pathetic patriarchal system they are so desperate to protect wont.Congratulations, @PeteButtigieg!Tune in now.*#COVID19 #vaccineJust got word from Pfizer -- CA is now expecting 393,000 more doses of the #COVID19 to arrive next week. Excellent news as we begin to vaccinate healthcare workers and long term care residents across the state.BREAKING: California has cast our 55 electoral votes for President-Elect Joe Biden and Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris, giving them the 270+ needed to formally be elected President and Vice President.Hope has arrived. Here is the #COVID19 vaccine starting to arrive in hospitals across the state.A historic moment for CA. Tune in now.History made. Helen Cordova, a nurse in an intensive care unit in LA, became one of the first Californians to get vaccinated today.Hope has arrived.OurWestern States Scientific Safety Review Workgroup has reviewed the federal process of the Pfizer #COVID19 vaccine. These best in nation experts agreed it is safe and effective. Now -- we wait for the 327,600 doses to arrive shortly.Trucks carrying the first shipment of the #COVID19 vaccine have now left Pfizers facility in Michigan. This is the beginning of the end. We can do this. Wear a mask. Stay home as much as possible. Lets crush this curve and get to the finish line.Today marks the 5th Anniversary of the #ParisAgreement. As we look to the new year we need bold action to take on some of the greatest challenges of our time. Hope others will join CA & double down on commitments that drive towards a healthier future for our people & our planet.BREAKING: The CDC #ACIP has now voted on recommendations for the emergency use of the Pfizer #COVID19 vaccine. The Western States Scientific Safety Review Workgroup is meeting TODAY to review & assess data / safety information. Were expecting distribution as early as tomorrow.CA has spent the last few months preparing for the arrival of the #COVID19 vaccine.  We expect our initial 327,600 doses as early as this weekend. Hope is on the horizon.BREAKING: The FDA has just authorized the Pfizer #COVID19 vaccine for emergency use. CA expects to receive our initial allotment of 327,600 doses as early as this weekend.We all need some holiday cheer. Tune in now!Quick explanation on the ultra low temp freezers that the Pfizer #COVID19 vaccine will be stored in. We expect the vaccine to arrive as early as this weekend.There is less than 10% ICU capacity statewide. Staffing remains the number one issue. If you are a medical professional we need your help. We will pay for your time and fees for reactivating or restoring licenses. Sign up for the CA Health Corps NOW.Just got back from visiting a site prepping for the arrival of the #COVID19 vaccine as early as this weekend. Answered a few Qs on my Instagram about the process & what were expecting. Heres an example of a card youll receive after your initial dose.Equal justice doesn't exist in our death penalty system. Youre better off if youre rich and guilty, than if youre poor and innocent. Its unjust. Immoral. And needs to be abolished.Welcome @deemyers -- excited to get to work as we rebuild and reimagine an economy in a way that harnesses the innovative spirit of CA and will work for all.The death penalty has been an abject failure. It discriminates based on the color of your skin or how much money you make. Its ineffective, irreversible, and immoral.Happy #Hanukkah to all those celebrating. Hannukahs message about the miracle of light, and the indelibility of hope, holds extra resonance today. Together, we can light our path forward through these dark days into a hopeful new year.Mental health is physical health. Staying active & connected right now is so important. Get outdoors with your household safely. Explore your neighborhood & CAs beauty! Go to a beach Take your kids to a playground Go on a hike Walk your dog We can get through this.A grim record. Over 3,000 lives were stolen by #COVID19 today. The deadliest day yet. Our hearts ache for all those that have lost loved ones during this pandemic. Please -- wear a mask. Stay home as much as you can. Be safe.#COVID19 VACCINE UPDATE: CA is now expecting approx. 672,000 doses of the Moderna vaccine in the next few weeks. The first shipment of Pfizer will arrive in the next week. Healthcare workers and long term care residents will be receiving the first doses. Hope is on the way.#COVID19 UPDATE: ICU capacity by region: Bay Area: 20.9% Greater Sacramento Region: 14.3% Northern California: 27.1% San Joaquin Valley: 4.2% Southern California: 9.0% For more information:Tune in on Friday!COVID-19 hospitalizations have increased dramatically over the last two months nationwide. Wee need to put data and science at the forefront and get through this surge together. Wear a mask. Stay home. Be safe.Congratulations to all the CA lawmakers who were sworn in today for another term of public service. I look forward to working together in the coming year as we continue to help Californians through this pandemic.Mitch McConnell's soulless inaction and willingness to put the lives and livelihoods of millions of Americans on the line for his own political gain is simply disgusting.GEORGIA: Today is the LAST day to register to vote for the January 5th runoff. Let's put Mitch McConnell out of a job. Register. Then tell your friends that live in Georgia to register. Then tell your family that lives in Georgia to register.In the meantime, CA continues to prepare. Here are some of the pallet shippers we have purchased to receive the Moderna vaccine while we await federal resources. These pallet shippers ensure the cold-chain requirements for the vaccine are met.#COVID19 VACCINE UPDATE: - CA is planning to receive 2.16 million first doses in December - CA submitted our first orders last Friday, a part of the initial 327k doses in Phase 1a - The Community Vaccine Advisory Committee will meet this week to determine Phase 1b allocation#COVID19 UPDATE: Current ICU capacity by region: - Northern California: 28.2% - Bay Area: 25.7% - Greater Sacramento: 20.3% - San Joaquin Valley: 6.3% - Southern California: 10.9%#COVID19 UPDATE: - Daily case average: 21,924 - Hospitalizations: up 72% last 2 weeks - ICU: up 69% last 2 weeks - Average daily tests conducted: 209,740 - Average test positivity rate: 8.4% We are at a pivotal moment in our fight against COVID. Wear a mask. Be careful.Grateful for the partnership of @sundarpichai and @tim_cook in harnessing the innovation of CA to launch this new tool to help slow the spread of #COVID19 during this pivotal time.NEW: CA has partnered with @Google and @Apple to launch a #COVID19 exposure notification app, CA Notify. Starting Thursday, you can opt in to get push notifications on your phone if you have been exposed to COVID-19. This is 100% private & secure. More:Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.Congratulations, @XavierBecerra! Youve spent your entire career fighting for equality and justice. Youve spent the last four defending the #ACA. Now, youll help lead our nation toward quality, affordable healthcare for ALL -- and continue to make CA proud!Masks work. Listen to @BillNye..@Ford led the way over a year ago and joined CA and 26 other states to shape the future of transportation and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Last month @GM joined us. @Toyota where are you?? Its never the wrong time to do the right thing.There is light at the end of the tunnel. A vaccine is coming. We can do this.The absolute honor of a lifetime to swear in Justice Martin Jenkins today as he became the first openly gay CA Supreme Court justice. Its hard to imagine a more decent man. A man of honor and humility. And a persistent fighter for justice. Congratulations, Marty!Californias results are official @JoeBiden is the next President of the United States of America!I see Mitch McConnell is trending. @senatemajldr -- it's been 252 days since the CARES Act passed. The American people need relief. NOW.Long overdue.Region breakdown:It's important to stay active and connected during these times. Keep connected virtually. Get outdoors: Go to a park or a beach Go on a hike Go on a bike ride Go fishing Do yoga Walk your dog Go on a run Goskiing, snowboardingTransparency, equity, and safety will continue to be our top priorities as we begin the distribution process for Phase 1. We are making all this information available to the public. To learn more visit:The 327k doses will be distributed through 6 regions in CA. Here are the doses per region: Region I: 126,750 Region II: 80,497 Region III: 8,592 Region IV: 35,145 Region V: 16,706 Region VI: 59,910 Tomorrow these regions will make orders based on prioritizations of the 3 tiers.Tier 3:Other settings and health care workers, including: - Specialty clinics - Laboratory workers - Dental / oral health clinics - Pharmacy staff not working in settings at higher tiersTier 2: - Intermediate care facilities - Home healthcare & supportive services - Community health workers - Public health field staff - Primary Care clinics, including Rural Health Centers, correctional facility clinics and urgent careclinicsTier 1: - Acute care, psychiatric and correctional facility hospitals - Skilled nursing facilities, assisted living facilities, and similar settings for older or medically vulnerable - Paramedics, EMTs and others providing emergency medical services - Dialysis centersVACCINE UPDATE: CA will be receiving 327k doses of the new Pfizer #COVID19 vaccine in mid December. The Drafting Guidelines Workgroup & Community Advisory Committee have now finalized recommendations for who will receive these initial doses. We have prioritized into 3 tiers:No regions have been placed into this Regional Stay-At-Home Order at this time. Remember: this is temporary. Hope is on the way. Relief is on the way. A vaccine is coming -- with first doses arriving in the next few weeks. We can get through this -- together.Sectors that will be temporarily closed when a region is placed into the Stay-At-Home include: - Bars - Wineries - Personal Services - Hair Salons / BarbershopsSectors that will remain open when aregion is placed into the Regional Stay-At-Home, include: - Schools that are already open - Critical infrastructure - Retail (20% capacity to reduce exposure) - Restaurants (take-out and delivery)Our ICUs are climbing quickly toward their capacity. Our death rate is rising. To slow the surge of #COVID19 and save lives, CA is introducing a Regional Stay-At-Home Order. Regions where ICU capacity fall below 15%will be placed into thisStay-at-Home Order for 3 weeks.As #COVID19 numbers continue to rise at an alarming rate -- tune in now for an important update.As we work to slow the latest surge of #COVID19 -- small businesses need immediate relief. Our Emergency Relief Package will provide businesses a bridge while we wait for federal funds and work with the legislature to provide longer term aid.Congratulations to Janet Yellen -- her intelligence & steady hand helped guide CA's Task Force on Business & Jobs Recovery and inspire innovative ideas like the CA Rebuilding Fund we doubled down on today. No one better to tackle the economic challenges we're facing as a nation.VACCINE UPDATE: CA will be receiving 327,000 doses of the new Pfizer #COVID19 vaccine in mid December. Transparency, equity, and safety will continue to be our top priorities as we begin the distribution process for Phase 1.It has been 248 days since the CARES Act passed. The federal government needs to do its job and provide the relief American people desperately need.Californias $100 million Main Street Hiring Tax Credit will launch TOMORROW. This tax credit will help businesses by providing: - $1,000 per qualified employee - Upto $100,000 for each business Businesses can apply TOMORROW atCA is making available $500,000,000 in reserve funds for grants to small businesses, nonprofits, and cultural institutions. Businesses can apply for grants up to $25,000. Learn more atCA will now provide billions in sales tax deferrals including an automatic 3-month extension for taxpayers with less than $1M in sales tax. This includes hair salons, bars, restaurants, and other businesses heavily impacted by #COVID19.THREAD: As we continue the fight against #COVID19, today we announced a Small Business Emergency Relief Package that will provide immediate relief for businesses impacted by the virus.This is the tipping point. CA has worked hard to prepare for a surgebut we cant sustain the record high cases were seeing. Current projections show CA will run out of current ICU beds before Christmas Eve. Please stay safe & stay home as much as you can for next few weeks.Californias #COVID19 hospitalizations have increased by 89% in the last two weeks. If these trends continue, our current hospitalizations could increase by 2-3 times within ONE MONTH.CA continues to see record high #COVID19 case rates. Tune in now for an important update.Today is Small Business Saturday. California is home to over 4 million small businesses. This holiday season, shop safe and shop local to help support our economy and the over 7 million workers that help keep our small businesses going.The compassion and resilience that so many on the frontlines of this pandemic have shown this year have inspired and moved us all. Today, as we celebrate Thanksgiving I just wanted to pause and express my gratitude. We are forever indebted to your service to this great state.This year, the term essential worker took on a whole new meaning. To the nurses that comforted our loved ones when none of us could, the firefighters that battled historic flames, the grocers that kept our families fed--everyone that faced unprecedented challenges--THANK YOU.From Courage for a Change to California For All, @Click_CA has been by my side helping us communicate to millions of Californians and navigate the state through a time of unprecedented challenge. Team Newsom wishes you the best of luck in this next chapter!!Some stark numbers for today's #COVID19 UPDATE: - Daily case average: 13,751 - Hospitalizations: up 88% over last 2 weeks - ICU: up 57% over last 2 weeks - Tests done yesterday: 168,988 - Average test positivity rate: 5.9% Please -- be careful heading into the holidays..@GM has joined CA and 26 other states to shape the future of transportation and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions. Its never too late to do the right thing -- thank you GM. We welcome the rest of the worlds automakers to also join us.#COVID19 UPDATE: This last week, CA saw an unprecedented rise in cases. - Average daily tests: 198,379 - Average test positivity rate: 5.5% - Daily case average: 11,591 - Hospitalizations: up 77% over last 2 weeks - ICU: up 55% over last 2 weeksTune in now.We are grateful for all the officers that keep our family safe and for every frontline worker who continues to go to work during this pandemic.Jen and I had no direct interaction with the officer and wish them a speedy recovery. Thankfully, the entire family tested negative today. However, consistent with local guidance, we will be quarantining for 14 days.Late Friday evening, @JenSiebelNewsom and I learned that 3 of our children had been exposed to an officer from the California Highway Patrol who had tested positive for COVID-19.History MADE!Today is #TransDayOfRemembrance, a day to honor the memory of those lost to anti-transgender violence. Today, were reminded of our commitment to being a state that stands for inclusion and diversity. That embraces our differences, and stands for equality & opportunity for all.Due to the rise in #COVID19 cases, CA is issuing a limited Stay at Home Order. Non-essential work and gatherings must stop from 10pm-5am in counties in the purple tier. This will take effect at 10pm on Saturday and remain for 1 month. Together--we can flatten the curve again.Masks work.Due to the alarming increases we are seeing in #COVID19 cases, CA is pulling an emergency brake. To slow the spread, 41 counties 94% of Californias population will now be in purple, the most restrictive tier.#COVID19 update: - Average daily tests: 164,345 - Average test positivity rate: 4.6% - Daily case average: 8,198 - Hospitalizations: 48% increase over last 2 weeks - ICU: 39% increase over last 2 weeksTune in now.Light will always overcome darkness. Today, we celebrate the power of hope over despair. Happy #Diwalito all those celebrating!#COVID19 update: -Positivity rate: 3.9% -Daily case average: 6,719 -Hospitalizations: 36% increase -ICU: 37% increase We absolutely must take these increases seriously. Wear your mask. Physically distance. Do not let your guard down. Your actions could literally save lives.Invertebrate [in-vur-tuh-brit, -breyt]: an animal lacking a backbone. Ranging from well known animals such as jellyfish, corals, slugs, snails, octopuses, and Mitch McConnell.Wear a mask.Our gratitude to those that have served our state and country cannot end with words. We have a duty to serve those who have served us. #VeteransDayToday, I met with Fred, a 51-year-old veteran who has struggled with PTSD, severe depression & anxiety. Fred has lived on the streets for 7 years. This year he found help & shelter through CAs Project Roomkey & is now in the process of finding permanent housing through Homekey.CA is home to nearly 1.6 million veterans -- more than any other state. Today, we thank you for your selfless service to protect our freedoms and recommit to honor you with the respect, care, and gratitude you have earned.The @GOP are fighting to strike down the #ACA in front of the Supreme Court today so you can be denied health coverage for basic reasons like being pregnant.Today, California is defending the #ACA. Republicans are urging the Supreme Court to strip away healthcare from millions of Americans -- in the middle of a pandemic. Its cruel. Its unconscionable. And we intend to stop them.#COVID19 update: -Daily test average: 143,711 -Positivity rate: 3.7% -Daily case average: 5,889 -Hospitalizations: 29% increase -ICU: 27% increase I know were all tired of this--but COVID-19 has NOT gone away. Wear your mask. Physically distance. We cannot let our guard down.CA leading the way once again with a science based approach to #COVID19 -- lending 3 of our own to this taskforce of brilliant minds who will help tackle this pandemic.Tune in now.Spread the faith.Let's give each other a chance. It's time to put away the harsh rhetoric. Lower the temperature. See each other again." Thank you, @JoeBiden.To every volunteer, door knocker, text banker, phone banker, and organizer -- thank you. Today wouldnt be happening without you.California today:Today is a good day for America."It's easier to be a parent this morning, it's easier to be a dad. It's easier to tell your kids character matters, it matters. Telling the truth matters. Being a good person matters."My dear friend, and now Madame Vice President-elect, congratulations. California is so, so proud today..@JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris will lead our nation through this valley of darkness toward a more hopeful, healthy and unselfish future. Congratulations, President-elect Biden and Vice-President-elect Harris. California is here for it. And we are here for you.Together, @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris will turn hurt into healing and deep-seated divisions into common ground, repair our standing around the world and rally our nation together in this time of unprecedented crisis.CA's own @KamalaHarris is tough, passionate, persistent & has devoted a lifetime to the highest American ideal of justice for ALL. Her ceiling-shattering accomplishment will put wings on the aspirations of young women and people of color across this country and around the world..@JoeBiden will treat every person with dignity & deserving of equal opportunity. He will attack systemic injustices -- not his fellow Americans. Respect our democratic institutions & renew Americas place of leadership in responding to global threats like COVID & climate change.This was truly the victory America needed, to be the America we know we can be. From Americas largest state: Congratulations to the next President and Vice-President of these United States, @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris.Smiling down on us all.Congratulations @CaptMarkKelly!!Needed this.All of us and the Kornacki cam..@staceyabrams is a patriot.Democracy will win this.Good morning. The @GOP have now lost the popular vote in 7 of the last 8 presidential elections.Thank you to the election workers in #Maricopa County doing their job tonight.Huge congrats to my friend @HollyJMitchell!!This isnt over. We must do everything we can to send @ReverendWarnock to the Senate.Every vote is a sacred act. We have a legal and moral obligation to take the time to count each and every one-- free of partisan pressure. And at the end of this, we will emerge as one nation. A truly UNITED States.I see you @RobBontaCA!!  Sending positive vibes to everyone today.Grateful for all the poll workers who helped make democracy run yesterday.Patience is more than a virtue today -- its a necessity. We got this.A huge WIN in California for voting rights. Parolees will have their right to vote restored.Every vote will be counted.CA voters cast a record number of votes in this election. We will count every single one, however long it takes. Well proudly deliver 55 electoral votes to Joe Biden. And we literally cant wait to call Kamala Harris Madam Vice President. Lets count those votes.We have a legal and moral obligation to take the time to count every vote and ensure a winner is legitimately and democratically elected -- free of partisan pressure or premature speculation.Elections end when -- and only when -- every vote is counted. Tonight, @JoeBiden and Californias own @KamalaHarris have a clear path to victory and many, many votes in key states left to tabulate.Proudly.Voting might be over, but the counting will continue until there are no ballots left to count. After all, thats how democracy in America is supposed to work. Be safe and congratulations, California!This election will end when every vote is counted -- not a second sooner. Every vote matters, every vote is a sacred act & every vote WILL be counted -- no matter how long it takes -- before a result is certified. In elections, patience is more than a virtue its a necessity.CA more than doubled previous early-voting records and delivered the largest overall vote in our history.  We demonstrated that our democratic will is stronger than those who would threaten our free and fair elections with phony threats or the fog of fear tactics.California has successfully conducted a record-setting election that was safe, secure and accessible -- accompanied by the largest universal vote-by-mail effort ever managed in our country. Californians have met the moment, exercising the right to vote in historic numbers.Access to safe and legal cannabis is a step forward for social and racial justice.Congratulations, Sarah!A huge THANK YOU to all the poll workers today on the frontlines of democracy.Blue wave coming like...Everyones got their own spin on Election Day. The Warriors opened one of their facilities today as a vote center! Lets do this CA.Vote.There are no do-overs. We dont want to spend the next four years wondering what if. Grab your mask and head to the polls.Texting some folks in PA this morning for @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris!CA: If you have any issues at the polls, contact the voter hotline at (800) 345-8683.CALIFORNIA: the polls are officially OPEN! Polls close at 8:00PM tonight. You can STILL register to vote in person at your polling place. Bring your mask. If youre in line by 8:00PM stay in line -- you will be able to vote. Find your polling place:Every last vote must be counted.Great to chat with @SnoopDogg today about the importance of voting. He voted for the first time this election cycle. Polls open at 7am tomorrow. Its not too late to make a plan and #VOTE!CALIFORNIA: Polls are open from 7:00AM-8:00PM tomorrow. You can register to vote on E Day at your polling place. If youre in line by 8:00PM stay in line--you will be able to vote. If you vote in person, bring your mask. Wear your mask. For more info:CALIFORNIA you can STILL register to vote! You can register ON Election Day in CA and... Colorado Connecticut DC Hawaii Idaho Illinois Iowa Maine Maryland Michigan Minnesota Montana Nevada New Hampshire RI Utah Vermont Washington Wisconsin WyomingNothing quite like the virtual GOTV experience this cycle. San Diego -- lets get out and vote for @ToddGloria for Mayor!!!CA Dems coming together to phone bank voters in swing states! Join us now!!LIVE! Tune in now!Going live with @SnoopDogg around 2pm on Instagram to talk about the importance of voting. Tune in! #VOTE11.2 million votes have ALREADY been cast in California. Today, California will DOUBLE the early votes cast in 2016. If you havent already -- make a plan, find a polling place, drop off your ballot in a drop box. One more day. Lets do this.Decency. Grace. Empathy. Dignity.  Theyre all on the ballot. Great to be in Nevada today. Now lets go win this thing. #VoteIn Nevada talking with leaders of the LGBTQ+ community about whats at stake this election. Tune in.Great to be in Nevada for @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris! Two more days -- lets bring this over the finish line. #VOTEContrary to what the @GOP want you to believe -- elections are decided when every eligible vote is counted. Not because its 12:01am. Its not stealing -- its DEMOCRACY.Vote this deranged man OUT of office.Masks work.This is when I tweet that #COVID19 doesnt GHOST on Halloween. And then I put in emojis like this one: . But seriously, stay safe tonight CA.Omg.An absolute legend and icon. Rest In Peace, Sean.If a former Mayor of San Francisco can visit the Dodger Stadium -- anything is possible. Get out and VOTE!Quick pause on election tweets because this is legit.Suppress the virus. Not the vote. As of last night in CA: 9,465,631 ballots cast.  Same time in 2016: 4,555,195 cast. #VOTE.Esther is 96 years old and a former poll worker. She voted today with her son at Dodger Stadium! Thank you for voting, Esther!!Today, California opened a NEW state funded #COVID19 testing lab. Tried it out myself. This will: - DOUBLE CAs testing capacity - Guarantee 24-48 hour turnaround for results - Cut the cost of a test from $150 to $30. Were not waiting around for the federal government to act.Tune in now.4 years of daily lies, border walls, kids in cages, NRA groveling, LGBT discriminating, healthcare stripping, and science denying. Youve marched. Protested. Stood up for your values. Now its time to VOTE. Thank you @taylorswift13 and @EricSwalwell!!Spine of steel, that Senator Perdue.Voted for @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris today and damn, it felt good.Voting is an emotional experience -- because the future of our planet, our democracy, so many of our fundamental values -- are ALL on the line. Weve seen what happens when folks sit elections out. Thanks for chatting, @iambeckyg. Now lets all go VOTE.I just VOTED. It was fast, easy, and safe. Just 5 more days until Election Day. Theres too much at stake to sit this one out. Make a plan and #VOTE!Over 8 million Californians have already voted. KEEP IT UP!California domination once again.  World Series champs -- @Dodgers! LA IS 2020s TITLETOWN.Rather than providing relief for the MILLIONS of Americans struggling -- @senatemajldr chose to spend his time ramming through a Supreme Court confirmation in the middle of an election. VOTE.This will not delay distribution -- but will ensure safety, equity, and transparency.Washington, Oregon, and Nevada have joined Californias Scientific Safety Review Workgroup -- filled with top health experts that will independently review #COVID19 vaccines. The West will continue to be guided by science and data.Tune in now.One week.So unbelievably grateful for the firefighters and first responders on the front lines facing these treacherous winds and fighting -- once again -- to keep Californians safe.This is good stuff.VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE.Keep it going1 out of every 5 homeless individuals in CA have been served by Project Roomkey. An unprecedented 22,300 people in 6 months. Now -- were expanding that program and building housing at 1/3 of the average cost. Project Homekey is a model for the nation.Tune in now!California is already doing this. This year we launched the CA Climate Action Corp. Time for the rest of the nation to join us so we can expand the work and invest in jobs that can help save our planet.Remember this.Now go vote.We need to take away children. - Jeff SessionsStates across our country are experiencing massive deficits due to #COVID19. This isnt a red or blue issue. We simply cannot do this alone.Were in a pandemic. We need the Affordable Care Act.CA isnt dying. Were keeping Californians alive and healthy so we can open our economy safely.Lets do this!!As @JoeBiden would say -- this election is about the soul of our nation. Thank you, @IAMJHUD, @iamwill, @bep for this epic anthem. WATCH:Keep it UP.Reminder: THIS IS NOT NORMAL.Make a plan. Vote. And vote early.Watch this immediately. This is what a leader looks like.This is sick.I watched. Then watched again. Then watched again. VOTE.Leaving this one right here in case you need it.More than 2 years later and 545 children are STILL left without their parents. Horrific.Two weeks.A vaccine will not end this epidemic overnight. It's absolutely essential that we maintain our vigilance. Wear a mask. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing.Like our approach to #COVID19, when it comes to a vaccine, CA will be guided by science. Today, we announced our Scientific Safety Review Workgroup. These top health experts will independently review FDA-approved vaccines.Tune in now.CALIFORNIA: TODAY is the last day to register to vote and receive your mail-in ballot before election day.  Dont sit this one out. Theres too much at stake.California dominating once again. Lets go, @Dodgers!TUNE IN AT 5PM! @TheMandyMoore, Taylor Goldsmith, and I will be talking about whats at stake this election, climate change, and more. Watch our convo and other performances hosted by @RollingStone! &gt;Just got off phone with @realDonaldTrump who has approved our Major Disaster Declaration request. Grateful for his quick response.We are appealing this.Woke up this morning feeling like we all need a little Mister Rogers.18 days.@ASDem @CoryBookerIts no This is Us 2 hour premiere... but tune in TOMORROW AT 5PM! @TheMandyMoore, Taylor Goldsmith, and I will be talking about whats at stake this election, climate change, and more. Watch our convo and other performances hosted by @RollingStone &gt;In which Amy Coney Barrett describes the existence of climate change as a public debate and a very contentious matter.Love this.Keep it up, CA!!September 2020 was the hottest month on record -- based on data that goes all the way back to 1880.Climate change isnt an opinion. It isnt a political ideology. Its SCIENCE.Wow.The @GOPs idea of democracy: - Closing polling places - Limiting ballot drop offs - Confusing voters with fake ballot drop boxes - Sabotaging the Census - Pushing through a Supreme Court nominee weeks before an election - Refusing to promise a peaceful transfer of power"We need to stop those ballots from going out." Be not afraid of the accusations that youre a voter suppressor.In case you were wondering (because you should be) -- @harrisonjaime is running against Lindsey Graham and is shattering fundraising records.Im sorry -- what."The harms caused by rushing this year's census count are irreparable." Justice Sotomayor@maziehirono!Some have decided they are better off if you dont vote -- and think you dont care enough to make a plan to vote. Prove them wrong.This is what an OFFICIAL drop box looks like. This one happens to be in Sonoma County. These are all across the state.  In CA, we are making sure voting is safe, easy, and secure. Find your official drop box here:The @GOP are scared to death of losing. So they are trying to sew doubt, fear, and conspiracy into our electoral process. Dont let them. Make a plan. Register. Vote. Tell your friends to do the same.These drop boxes arent just misleading, they are illegal and must be removed. Go to to find an official drop box near you. CA will do everything in our power to protect the sanctity of the vote.Insane.Nothing reeks of desperation quite like the Republican Party organization these days -- willing to lie, cheat, and threaten our democracy all for the sake of gaining power. These unofficial drop boxes arent just misleading, they are illegal.Todays #COVID19 update: Our 7 day average caseload is 3,321. Our test positivity rate is 2.6%. Our hospitalizations are down 8%. Our ICU rates are down 13%. WEAR A MASK. Physically distance. Be smart. Do your part.CA is better positioned than ever to find, track, and isolate #COVID19. Averaging 125,000 tests per day. 90% receive results within 24-48 hours. Over 10,000 contact tracers at work. 95% of local health departments are beginning contact tracing the same day as the test result.Tune in now.Vote. Him. Out.A legendary team. An unforgettable year. A superstar taken before his time. A championship that means so much to California.  Congratulations to @KingJames and the @Lakers!  #MambaMentalityComing out takes an immense amount of strength and courage. No matter where you are in your journey, know that in California, you are loved and accepted. Happy #NationalComingOutDay!@katieporteroc Thank you!@Elex_Michaelson @CAgovernor :) thanks!@ToddGloria Thank you!Love you.@SenToniAtkins @CAgovernor Thank you! :)"I am not here in spite of the struggle; I am here because of the struggle." Justice Martin Jenkins. Representation matters. Couldnt be prouder to nominate Justice Jenkins to the California Supreme Court, a product and protector of the CA Dream.Rather than debating HOW to tackle the reality of climate change in an effective way that allows our economy to thrive, focuses on those disproportionately impacted and protects our planetour nations stuck simply debating its very existence. Meanwhile, CA is literally on fire.The @KamalaHarris America saw tonight is who Ive known for decades--Brilliant. Passionate. Empathetic. No surprise to those of us who know her best that in a battle for the soul of our nation she was the hands-down winner. She made CA proud tonight. Now lets get out and VOTE.Climate change is real.CA is home to more Nobel Laureates than any other state! Congrats to the 2020 @NobelPrize winners! Nobel Prize in Chemistry: @UCBerkeleys Jennifer Doudna Physics: @UCLAs Dr. Andrea Ghez Medicine: @UCDaviss Dr. Charles M. Rice Here are some pics from when they got the news!Lets do this.@Ash_Kalra Thank you for your leadership on this issue!Today, I signed an Executive Order that pledged to conserve 30% of CAs land and coastal waters by 2030. Scientists across the world have called for nations to pursue a 3030 goal. The decisions we make now impact our air, our land and the future of ALL species living on earth.Absolutely sickening.We need to take away children, Mr. Sessions told the prosecutors. One added in shorthand: If care about kids, dont bring them in. Wont give amnesty to people with kids. Sick and disturbed dont even begin to describe this, @jeffsessions.Insane. More people live in Harris County than the entire state of Oregon. This is the ONLY drop off site in a county with more than 4.7 MILLION people. This is what voter suppression looks like.In 2004 we began marrying same-sex couples in San Francisco. 5 years ago the Supreme Court affirmed that right. Now, Alito and Thomas just signaled their wishes to overturn it. The @GOP are coming for marriage equality--and Amy Coney Barrett gives them that opportunity. VOTE."I am not here in spite of the struggle; I am here because of the struggle." Moving words by Justice Martin Jenkins. Today, I was honored to nominate him to Californias highest court. He will be the first openly gay person to serve..@JenSiebelNewsom is at it again -- creating another incredible and timely documentary that everyone should see. As we head into Election Day, #TheGreatAmericanLie provides an important look at our values, and I couldnt be prouder to be married to the filmmaker.CALIFORNIA: BALLOTS ARE IN THE MAIL! Voting is safe, secure, and EASY in CA. Every active, registered voter will receive a ballot in the mail. You can: -put it in the mail -drop it in a drop box -drop it off in person -vote in person Track your ballot:#COVID19 has not gone away. Please -- wear a mask.Love this. Were in the midst of a climate CRISIS that demands bold action. Thank you @Ford for using your market power to drive change!Todays #COVID19 update: Our average caseload is down 8.7% this week. Our positivity rate is 2.8%. Our hospitalizations are down 13%. Our ICU rates are down 15%. These are good signs--but COVID-19 has not gone away. WEAR A MASK. Physically distance. Be smart. Do your part.Honored to nominate Justice Martin Jenkins to the CA Supreme Court. He is a person of the highest principles. A product and protector of the California Dream. And will be the first openly gay Justice and third Black man to serve on the states highest court. Congratulations!Tune in now.Surveying the damage of the #GlassFire today. Heartbreaking to see the devastation that this fire has caused. Immensely grateful for the firefighters and first responders that have tirelessly fought to keep this community safe.California is now the first state in the nation to ban 24 toxic chemicals from cosmetics.Watch this immediately.Grateful for the leadership of @AsmShirleyWeber and the CA Black Caucus for leading the way on this important issue.We just banned the carotid hold. The carotid hold blocks the flow of blood to the brain. Its dangerous and should not be used by law enforcement.CA just became the first state in the nation to mandate the study and development of proposals for reparations. Our past is one of slavery, racism, and injustice. Our systems were built to oppress people of color. Its past time we acknowledge that.The hottest August on record. WORLD record temperatures in Death Valley. 5 of the 6 largest wildfires in California HISTORY occurring in the last 2 months. Climate change isnt something to address in the distant future. The climate crisis is here.Its about healthcare. Its about LGBTQ rights. Its about gender equality. Its about climate change. Its about systemic racism. Its about economic inequality. Its about reproductive freedom. Its about commonsense gun safety. Its about our democracy. VOTE.Tonight, @JoeBiden showed the nation what an empathetic, honest, decent leader looks like.Big problems demand bold solutions. Were in the midst of a climate crisis. Were not waiting around for the federal government. So yes, by 2035 every new car sold in CA will be an emission free vehicle. Its simple--cars shouldnt give our kids asthma or make wildfires worse.CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL.California is making its own generic drug label. This first in the nation move will take the power out of the hands of Big Pharma and lower costs for prescription drugs for Californians across the state. Its time to put people over profits.Our hearts break with the Armenian community in California and across the world. Violence is never the answer. We need urgent de-escalation.Yesterday, I surveyed damage from the Glass Fire and met with some of the folks impacted. A State of Emergency has now been declared in Napa, Sonoma, and Shasta. If youre in the area please stay safe and heed all warnings from your local officials.Tonight -- and every night -- were eternally grateful for the firefighters and first responders that are on the frontlines keeping our state safe. California heroes.Tune in now.This makes me sick to my stomach.This is about -- Healthcare. Reproductive freedom. Our planet. Our democracy. Who we are and the future we want to build for generations to come. Everything is on the line.I want you to use my words against me. If theres a Republican president in 2016 and a vacancy occurs in the last year of the first term, you can say Lindsey Graham said lets let the next president, whoever it might be, make that nomination."Were in the midst of a global pandemic. Over 200,000 lives have been lost. And we are rushing through a nominee to the Supreme Court who is openly hostile toward the Affordable Care Act -- willing to take away healthcare for millions of Americans.Simple -- Californias new rules put our students first.  We're banning abusive student loan practices to help ensure students are able to focus on LEARNING not worrying about predatory debt collectors.Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's personal trainer pays tribute to her by dropping to the ground and doing 3 push-ups.Were not waiting around for the federal government. Climate change is real and is happening NOW..@VanJones68 and I are talking about yesterdays big climate announcement and the future of CA. Tune in now!Record heatwaves. Record wildfires. Climate change is real. The time for action is now.  By 2035 every new car sold in CA will be an emission free vehicle.More of this. Cars dont need to pollute our air or melt our glaciers. Thank you @Ford for using your market power to build a cleaner, brighter future with California.Were experiencing a climate CRISIS. Transportation is responsible for over 50% of CAs greenhouse gas emissions. Its time to be as bold as the problem is big. Today we announced that by 2035 every new car sold in CA will be an emission free vehicle.Tune in now!TUNE IN NOW for a major announcement.California will be leading the nation in this effort -- joining 15 other countries that have committed to phasing out gasoline-powered cars. We will use our market power to push zero-emission vehicle innovation and drive down costs for everyone.Transportation is responsible for more than 50% of Californias greenhouse gas emissions. 80% of smog-forming pollution. And 95% of toxic diesel emissions.NEW: Were facing a climate crisis. We need bold action. CA is phasing out the internal combustion engine. By 2035 every new car sold in CA will be an emission free vehicle. Cars shouldnt give our kids asthma. Make wildfires worse. Melt glaciers. Or raise sea levels.200,000.  : @APIn California voting will be safe and easy -- the way it should be. Registered voters will receive a ballot in the mail. In person voting centers will be open and safe. Make a plan. Vote. Tell your friends to do the same. ##COVID19 rates in CA continue to improve. Our test positivity rate continues to decline. Now at an average of 3.1%. Hospitalizations are down 23%. ICU rates are down 25%. This can all change if we dont continue to be smart and be safe. WEAR A MASK. Physically distance.Today we announced the 2nd round of Homekey grants: $236 million to convert 1,810 units to help house those experiencing homelessness across our state.Tune in now.Mitch McConnell. 2016. Never forget.The only time in my life I have ever recommend that we do what Lindsey Graham says: USE HIS WORDS AGAINST HIM.It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you dont do this in an election year. - Ted Cruz, 2016, following Justice Scalias deathIn case you were wondering, @CaptMarkKelly is running against Martha McSally."This vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president." - Mitch McConnell, 2016, less than 2 hours following Justice Scalias death.Register. Volunteer. Donate. Vote. Dont sit this one out. There is clearly too much on the line.VOTE.We have lost a giant among us. A trailblazer. And a champion of equality and justice. Our hearts ache tonight. Let us honor her memory by preserving the very ideals she fought so tirelessly for. Rest in Power.Shanah Tovah! Wishing everyone who celebrates a happy, healthy, and sweet new year!Last year we put over $1 billion into the pockets of 3.6 million Californians by expanding tax credits for working families. Now, were ensuring another 600,000 Californians -- including those that are undocumented -- can take advantage of that credit.If they wont vote Republican then deny them the right to vote!!!! - Mitch McConnellCalifornia owes so much to the firefighters that put their lives on the line to keep us safe. This death is a stark reminder of that heroism. Our hearts are with this firefighters family, loved ones, and fellow firefighters during this tragic time.Ive experienced so many wonderful, moving moments in this church. Heartbroken to hear of this -- but I know this community lives well beyond these physical walls and will continue to provide the hope and faith it does to so many.You deserve to be able to take time off to care for a new family member or a sick family member WITHOUT worrying about losing your job. Now, thats a reality for millions more Californians.Solving homelessness is going to take action at every level of government. Grateful for your partnership, @sliccardo.CA continues to take action on homelessness. The first $76.5M in Homekey grants were issued today to build 579 units in 10 projects. #COVID19 impacts us all -- but it hits our most vulnerable populations hardest. Were making historic investments during this unprecedented time.Our average #COVID19 caseload is down another 15% this week. Our positivity rate is 3.6% (lowest since May). Our hospital & ICU rates are down 22%. But we cant let up. This can all change if we dont continue to be smart. WEAR A MASK. Physically distance. We can do this.There are no Democratic thermometers or Republican thermometers. The fact is -- our average temperature has increased over the last 40 years. Were experiencing record temperatures across CA. The hottest August on record. The evidence of climate change is all around us.Tune in now.In the toughest of times, Im grateful for the friendship of @KamalaHarris. She and @JoeBiden give me hope.Climate change is real.Science knows.The hots are getting hotter. The dries are getting drier. The evidence is all around us -- climate change is REAL.These men are heroes. Today we honored the California National Guard and their families with Proclamations from the State of California for their heroic rescue of 242 people from the Creek Fire in treacherous flying conditions. We are forever indebted to their service.A 31 year-old mother and a 24 year-old are fighting for their lives because of this cowardly, horrific act. The perpetrator must be quickly brought to justice. Praying for a full recovery for the deputies. @JenSiebelNewsom and I are keeping their loved ones in our thoughts.The hots are getting hotter. The wets are getting wetter. Climate change isnt something that is going to happen in the future. Its happening right NOW.Grateful for the brave firefighters and first responders who are on the frontlines battling these historic fires. Stay safe.This isnt an intellectual debate. This isnt about ideology. The proof is right in front of our eyes. The impacts of climate change simply cannot be denied. @NBCNightlyNewsTune in tonight!Record breaking temperatures. Record droughts. Were in a CLIMATE CRISIS. And what we're experiencing in California is coming to every community -- all across the United States of America -- unless we get our act together on climate change.CAs inmate firefighter program is decades-old and has long needed reform. Inmates who have stood on the frontlines, battling historic fires should not be denied the right to later become a professional firefighter. Today, I signed #AB2147 that will fix that.This isnt a because...2020 thing. This isnt going away January 1. What we are experiencing is an existential climate CRISIS.Today marks 19 years. We will #NeverForget: those who lost their lives. Those who sacrificed their lives for others. And those whose lives have been forever marked by this tragic moment.Climate change is happening right before our eyes -- and vehicle emissions are one of the leading causes. We need more companies stepping up and doing their part. Thank you.6 of the 20 largest wildfires in California history have occurred in 2020. Over 2.6 million acres have burned. CALIFORNIA: if you are asked to evacuate please do so immediately. Listen to your local authorities and stay safe.Our average #COVID19 caseload is down 24% this week. Our positivity rate is 4% (lowest since May). Our hospital & ICU rates are down by 22%. But that can all change if we dont continue to be smart. Wear a mask. Wash your hands. Physically distance. We can do this--together.These pictures cry out for change. CA has invested more in wildfire prevention than any time in our history. Enacted bold climate policies. But its not enough. We must do more. We need action at EVERY level. CA cannot do this alone.  Climate change is REAL.  So please VOTE.Californias small businesses are the lifeblood of this state and our economy. #COVID19 has devastated far too many of them. Today, CA signed into law a new $100 million hiring tax credit and some much needed tax relief for PPP loans.Tune in now!Grateful for the help of @GovSisolak and these Nevada heroes coming to our aid!!Over 2 million acres have burned this year -- SO FAR. We havent even hit peak fire season. We do not have time to deny the reality of climate change.Register. Then tell a friend to register. Then tell another friend to register. Then tell another friend to register. Then tell another friend to register. Then tell another friend to register. Then tell another friend to register. Then tell another friend to register.NEW: Today, CA launched a PSA campaign with @sesamestreet! Going back to school this year looks different. We can all learn from @Elmo -- even if your school is at home, we can all keep learning together. And dont forget to wear your mask!California fires in 2019: - 4,927 fires - 118k acres burned. California fires in 2020 (so far): - 7,606 fires - 2.3 million acres burned. CLIMATE. CHANGE. IS. REAL.This rescue mission was nothing short of heroic.Tune in now.Minimum wage. Paid sick leave. The weekend. And now -- keeping so many healthy and safe during a pandemic. Today we celebrate workers and all that the labor movement has brought us -- but we also recognize that the fight for equal rights and economic justice continues. #LaborDayJust so were all clear -- this is FALSE. Ballots dont get mailed in CA until next month. And, for those interested in facts you can track your ballot here:Our average caseload is down. Our positivity rate is under 5%. Our hospital and ICU rates are down by nearly 25%. One weekend can change all of that. Seriously -- dont go to a big party. Wear a mask. BE SMART. I know were tired of #COVID19 but literal lives are at stake.Yes, its Labor Day weekend. No, that does not mean #COVID19 has gone away. BE SMART. Dont gather in large groups. Practice physical distancing. Wear a mask. Your actions this weekend can literally save lives.#COVID19 update: - Tests reported: 133,046 - 7 day average positive cases: 4,775 - Positivity rate: 4.9% - Hospitalizations: 25% decrease over 14 days - ICU: 27% decrease over 14 days We continue to see declines -- but our progress depends on your actions. WEAR YOUR MASK.Grateful for the partnership of @JustinTrudeau and the Canadian people as we battle historic wildfires across our state and tackle climate change head on.Nothing like dumping some good old arsenic into our rivers. What could go wrong.Tune in now.Renters need protection from evictions when they cant pay rent due to #COVID19. Property owners need help to avoid foreclosure. #AB3088 will do both--but is a temporary solution to a more permanent problem. The federal government must step up and help.Mutual aid is a beautiful example of people from all backgrounds and communities coming together to help one another. Grateful for the strong partnership between California and Israel, and for this crew of Israeli firefighters who came to CA to help battle these historic fires.Rest In Power, Chadwick Boseman. Our hearts are with your family and loved ones tonight.#COVID19 has resulted in deep economic hardships -- especially for those that are living paycheck to paycheck.  Struggling renters need protection from evictions for missed rent. Property owners need relief from foreclosure. This proposal provides both.NEW: California has banned flavored tobacco. #SB793 is a victory for public health in CA. Thank you to Sen. Hill for his leadership, and all the doctors, dentists, and public health advocates who persevered to make this happen.@a_mendelson Like air quality indexNEW: California is launching a Blueprint for a Safer Economy. Its simple. Your county will be assigned a color based on: - Case rate - Positivity rate Your color determines how businesses can operate in your county. Find your color & whats openTune in now.Doubling our testing capacity. Lowering prices. Reducing wait times. Were not waiting around for the federal government. Were ensuring everyone has access to the #COVID19 testing they need.Our hearts are with Louisiana and Texas tonight. Stay safe.Tune in now! #WomensVote100This will not be the policy of the state of CA.#COVID19 update: - Tests reported: 70,251 - Positive cases: 6,004 - Positivity rate: 6.1% - Hospitalizations: 17% decrease - ICU: 18% decrease We continue to see modest declines -- but COVID-19 has NOT gone away. Wear your mask.NEW: CA is DOUBLING our testing capacity and SIGNIFICANTLY bringing down wait times and cost. - Adding up to 150,000 tests per day - Guaranteeing 24-48 hour turnaround time. Because access to #COVID19 testing should be a given.Tune in NOW.Proud to support my good friend, @GeorgeGascon!#COVID19 update: - Tests reported: 111,456 - Positive cases: 4,946 - 7 day average caseload: 5,798 - Positivity rate: 6.5% We continue to see modest declines overall -- but COVID-19 has NOT gone away. If youre evacuated, stay safe. Wear your mask. Practice physical distancing.CA FIRES UPDATE: - Over 13,000 lightning strikes - 625 fires - 17 major fires, including some of largest in CA history - Over 1.2 million acres burned (nearly size of Grand Canyon) Thank you to all the states that have offered mutual aid to help CA battle these historic fires.Tune in now.If you dont believe in climate change, come to California. This is from today. And is just a small part of the nearly 600 fires we are battling this week.Quick snapshot of the view from the ground of the SCU Lightning Complex damage.Surveying the SCU Lightning Complex -- this is now the third largest wildfire in CA history.CAs battling 2 of the largest fires in our history with 585 fires & 12,000 lightning strikes in the last week. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your partnership & granting this urgent declaration. These are unprecedented times but CAs resilient as hell. Well get through this.Dropped by the @WCKitchen set up in Vacaville this morning. Seeing the volunteers here filled me with nothing but hope. Thank you @chefjoseandres and the entire team for helping feed our firefighters, first responders, and those impacted by the evacuations!CALIFORNIA: Evacuation orders are in effect throughout the state. If you are in an impacted area please heed these orders and listen to your local officials. Stay safe.CA FIRES UPDATE: - More than 12,000 lightning strikes - 560 fires since this began - 18 new fires since yesterday - 20 major fires - 771K acres burned (thats about the size of Rhode Island) Grateful for our firefighters and first responders on the frontlines keeping CA safe.Tune in now for an update on the wildfires that we are battling across CA.Grateful for the work of @RedCross who has helped set up temporary and safe shelters for those in need due to the #wildfires across our state."Love is more powerful than hate. Hope is more powerful than fear. And light is more powerful than dark. This is our moment. This is our mission." Thank you @JoeBiden for your leadership. Your hope. Your decency. And your determination. Lets go win this thing!!!Decency, science, democracy. They're all on the ballot. Who we are as a nation. What we stand for. Most importantly, who we want to be. @JoeBiden  VOTE.@toniatkins Thank you for your partnership!! It takes a team, working together, to tackle these kinds of crises.Spoke at the #DemConvention outside of an evacuation center due to the raging fires across CA. We cannot afford to waste another moment. Another cycle. Another year denying climate change. Refusing science. VOTE. And for @JoeBiden. Like your life depends on it. Because it does.Joining from the Santa Cruz foresta mile outside of the local evacuation center where folks have had to flee due to the raging fires across our CA. To say that the urgency of NOW is upon us would be an understatement. Use your voice. Register. VOTE. Our future depends on it.Tune in tonight right before 6pm for a special address as the #DemConvention kicks off.Visiting some of the evacuation centers today to talk with folks who have had to flee their homes due to the #wildfires in CA. Grateful for all the volunteers who have stepped up to help keep everyone impacted safe, cool, and healthy during this time.Evacuations are happening across CA due to the #wildfires. Heres a short explanation about the 3 types of evacuation notices. Watch, share, prepare.2020 has thrown a lot at us. A pandemic. Lightning strikes. Record heatwaves. Fires. But if theres one thing I know about CA its that we are resilient. Thank you to those on the frontlines today keeping us safe. You represent the very best of what it means to be a Californian.History."This virus has no eyes, and yet it knows exactly how we see each other...And let's be clear -- there is no vaccine for racism. - @KamalaHarrisDo not let them take away your power. Do not let them take away your democracy. Now thats what we call...Presidential. Thank you, @BarackObama.YOU can give our democracy new meaning. YOU can take it to a better place. - @BarackObama  So register right now. Then vote. And tell your friends to do the same.Honored to call you my friend, @GabbyGiffords. Thank you for your powerful words tonight and for continuing the fight against gun violence. You are nothing short of an American hero.Everyone in the area please stay safe. Listen to evacuation orders from public officials.CA has experienced 10,849 lightning strikes in the last 72 hours and WORLD RECORD heat temperatures. Were currently battling 367 known fires. Grateful for our firefighters, first responders, and everyone on the frontlines protecting Californians during this time.Tune in now.Wildfires. Record heatwave. #COVID19. Tune in at 12pm for updates.Congrats @joebiden on the official nomination!! Lets go win this thing!Pressure works. Using your voice works. Keep speaking up.Feeling inspired, moved, and ready to VOTE. Thank you @MichelleObama!! #DemConventionTUNE IN NOW.During this major #heatwave we need to conserve energy. A few simple things you can do: - Set your A/C to 78 or higher during 3-10PM. - Turn off unnecessary lights - Use major appliances during cooler times of the day. - Sign up for flex alerts:California is experiencing a massive #heatwave. Its important to take extra precautions right now. Conserve your energy: - Set your A/C to 78 degrees or higher - Turn off unnecessary lights - Use appliances during off hoursWeapons of war -- like large capacity magazines -- have no place on our streets and sidewalks. We cannot and will not give an inch to the @NRA, or anyone else, who wants to weaken or invalidate these laws.I signed 2 EOs that jump started our mail in ballot process. We are providing drop off sites and safe voting sites. I signed legislation to double down on those commitments. And have a provision that allows 17 extra days to collect ballots. Because we believe in DEMOCRACY.The @USPS should be fully funded. Pass it on.California has secured an additional $5.3 billion to support schools during #COVID19. We must ensure all teachers, students, and faculty are prepared for distance learning. Go to to find your school districts funding allocation.Tune in NOW for a #COVID19 update.YES.More of THIS. Whether youre voting by mail or coming in person... we need to be doing everything in our power to ensure every American can exercise their fundamental right to VOTE -- and do so SAFELY.Couldnt agree more.  Be a patriot. Wear a mask.TUNE IN NOW.Principled. Brilliant. Compassionate. Empathetic. Honest. The perfect choice for @JoeBiden. Thats @KamalaHarris. Lets go win this.Our hearts are aching, once again, with you and your family @RobertGarciaLB.  @JenSiebelNewsom and I are sending you all lots of love tonight.Today, CA announced $81.8 million to support isolation and quarantine efforts in communities disproportionately impacted by #COVID19.TUNE IN NOW.This is absurd. Americans need real help -- not false promises.Today is a great day to register to vote. Seriously. Just do it. Right now.Yes -- its the weekend.  No -- that doesnt mean #COVID19 has gone away.Our. System. Is. Broken.Listen to @SamuelLJackson: BE A HERO. WEAR A MASK.  #YourActionsSaveLivesOne year ago today nine lives were stolen in Dayton by a man with a gun. Meanwhile -- the @GOP continue to block any efforts of commonsense gun reform and the @NRA continue to shatter gun sales records. Sickening.10 years ago today love was declared love. Hatred and bigotry were defeated. And Proposition 8 was struck down. Theres still so much work to do -- but Im grateful for all those who helped defeat this proposition and lead CA to a more equitable, just future.This is sabotage. And an attack on our democracy. Dont let the @GOP succeed in undercounting communities across our country. Go to  Tell your friends to go to  Tell your family to go to  FILL OUT THE CENSUSThis is sickening. These acts of hatred have no place in California.Today's #COVID19 update: - 148,721 tests reported - Positive cases: 5,739 - 7 day average caseload: 7,764 - Average positivity rate dropped slightly to 7.0% Sadly, 32 fatalities were reported. Were seeing modest declines overall--but were not out of the woods. WEAR YOUR MASK.Tune in NOW for a #COVID19 update..@JenSiebelNewsom and I ache for the families of the missing marines -- our hearts and hopes are with you. CA has offered and stands ready to provide CalGuard assistance in search and rescue efforts.Today's #COVID19 update: - 177,201 tests reported yesterday - 8,086 positive cases - Average positivity rate dropped slightly to 7.2% Tragically the first teen death in CA was reported last night. A stark reminder that no one is immune from this disease. #YourActionsSaveLivesTHIS. IS. NOT. OK.Wishing all those who are celebrating this evening a happy, peaceful, and safe #EidAlAdha. #EidMubarak!Today is a good day to register to vote.Today's #COVID19 update: - 116,374 tests reported yesterday - 10,197 positive cases - Positivity rate remains stable at 7.5%. Tragically, there were 194 deaths reported yesterday. Your actions can literally save lives. Be smart. Do your part. WEAR A MASK.Though I am gone, I urge you to answer the highest calling of your heart and stand up for what you truly believe.We can flatten this curve -- but we have to do it together. Taking basic actions like washing our hands. Listen to @BillNye:Me again: You really really  really   really    really    really   really  really really really  really   really    really   really  really need to wear a mask.ImportantToday's #COVID19 update: - 99,600 tests reported yesterday - 8,755 positive cases - Positivity rate has slightly dropped to an average of 7.4%. Tragically, CA surpassed another somber milestone today: 197 deaths. Our highest reported in a single day. Please -- WEAR A MASK.CA is making $600M available to house homeless individuals in innovative ways--like buying hotels. Project Roomkey has successfully moved tens of thousands of homeless people into hotel rooms during #COVID19. Now, were expanding & making that permanent.The fact is -- we dont know enough about how #COVID19 has impacted communities across our state. This is a step in the right direction.1 year ago today a gunman opened fire at the Gilroy Garlic Festival. People ran for their lives. 3 lives were lost. So many more altered forever. 1 year later and the @GOP continue to block any and all commonsense gun reforms. Its sick. We cannot continue like this. Vote..@RobertGarciaLB -- our hearts are with you and your family tonight. There's no easy way to cope with losing a mother, but know that her remarkable legacy of service, passion, and dedication to her community lives on with you. California is a better place thanks to her.#COVID19 disproportionately impacts the Latinx community. Rising rates in the Central Valley are concerning. CA is making $52M available to increase testing, contact tracing and quarantine efforts, and sending strike teams to 4 counties with increased cases and hospitalizations.Today's #COVID19 update: 128,439 tests were reported yesterday, with 6,891 positive cases.  CAs positivity rate remains at an average of 7.5%. Tragically, 29 fatalities were reported yesterday bringing our current average to 109 lives lost every day. Please -- wear a mask.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.To the woman who truly does it all -- Our rock. My forever love. Your passion and purpose inspire me every day. Happy anniversary, @JenSiebelNewsom! Heres to 100 more.Its the weekend. So yes, I will repeat this again: WEAR A MASK.Todays #COVID19 numbers: New cases: 9,718 7-day average: 9,881 Average positivity rate for tests: 7.5% A lot of numbers that tell us one thing: take this seriously. We cant let up. It takes all of us -- acting TOGETHER -- to slow the spread. WEAR A MASK.Well continue to work with the CA legislature and others to expand protections and build on existing Exec Orders including: -#COVID19 paid sick leave -workers compensation access for high risk industries - enforcement of labor laws -enforcing employer reporting of outbreaks.Stopping the spread of #COVID19 depends on keeping our essential workforce safe. Today CA announced new actions to increase safety including: -increasing preventative measures like ability to quarantine when exposed -increasing employer education & a new employer safety handbookTUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.This will deprive states of one of the most effective strategies to reverse decades of racially driven housing segregation.Today, CA reached a somber milestone: 157 deaths. Our highest reported in a single day. We cannot afford to ignore #COVID19, or simply hope it goes away. We have to take action. TOGETHER. Wear a mask. Physically distance. Wash your hands. Your actions can literally save lives.A friendly reminder from @OscarTheGrouch -- stay home when you can and practice physical distancing! Help slow the spread of #COVID19.CA has taken unprecedented steps to ensure we have the PPE we need to keep CA safe. Distributed so far: 86.4 million N95 masks 297 million surgical masks Those distributions will continue. To protect our nurses, doctors, farmworkers, and more -- and help CA flatten the curve.Today, CA is reporting a record high number of cases: Single day #: 12,807 7-day average: 9,420 Total: 413,576 Yesterdays test #: 127,487 Total: 6,664,419 7-day positivity rate: 7.6% Those are a lot of numbers that tell us one thing: we MUST take this seriously. WEAR A MASK.TUNE IN NOW.This isnt complicated: 1) wear a mask 2) wash your hands 3) practice physical distancing.This is the right move.Do as she says not as she does. Dont be like @Lilly -- #wearamask! #youractionssavelivesTune in at 12pm for a #COVID19 update from Sec. Ghaly.CA released new guidelines today allowing for hair salons and barbershops to operate outdoors. #COVID19YOU have the power to slow the spread of #COVID19. Be smart. Do your part.When you see something that is not right, not just, not fair, you have a moral obligation to do something."  Tonight, the world lost a legend. Let us honor his life and memory with action.  Rest in power, @repjohnlewis.A huge victory in an unwarranted and vindictive lawsuit against California.  #COVID19 is not the only unprecedented challenge and crisis were facing right now -- we cannot afford to waver in our efforts to fight the existential threat of climate change.Continued learning is a non-negotiable. But the health and safety of our teachers, students, and staff must be our top priority.The health and safety of our teachers, students, and staff must be our top priority -- while also allowing our students to continue to learn during the #COVID19 pandemic.5) Rigorous distance learning. School districts must provide: -Devices so that every child can participate in distance learning. -Daily live interaction. -Challenging and equivalent to in-person instruction. -Targeted supports for English learners and special education.4) Regular testing and dedicated contact tracing for outbreaks at schools: Staff in every California school be tested for COVID-19 periodically. CA will provide resources and technical assistance for COVID-19 investigations in school settings.3) Physical distancing requirements & adaptations: Adults must stay 6 feet from one another & 6 feet from children. Students should maintain 6 feet of distance when possible. Anyone entering the school must do a health screen. If a member of your household is sick--stay home.2) Strong mask requirements for anyone in the school: All staff and students 3rd grade and above must wear masks on campus.The district should revert to distance learning when 25%+ of its schools have been closed due to #COVID19 within 14 days. Closure decisions should be made with local health officers. After 14 days districts may return to in-person with approval of local public health officer.When does a physically open school need to close? Following a confirmed case of #COVID19 at school, those exposed should be quarantined for 14 days. The school should revert to distance learning when multiple cohorts have cases or 5% of students & staff test positive in 14-days.1) Safe in-person school based on local health data.  Schools located in counties that are on CAs Monitoring List must NOT physically open for in-person instruction until their county has come off the Monitoring List for 14 consecutive days.In CA, science will determine when a school can be physically open--and when it must close. But learning must be non-negotiable. Schools must provide meaningful learning during #COVID19. And we must do everything we can to keep our teachers, staff & students safe. That means:TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.The world lost a legend today. Rest In Peace, Rev. C.T. Vivian.Listen to @jackblack: BE A HERO. WEAR A MASK. #YourActionsSaveLivesDont be selfish --  Wear a mask. We can crush this curve, but we have to do it TOGETHER.Great news. This cruelly political and absurd rule shouldve never been proposed in the first place.Tune in!Tune in at 12pm for a #COVID19 update with CAs HHS Secretary Dr. Mark Ghaly.Even without symptoms, you can spread #COVID19. Take this seriously. Wear a mask. Slow the spread. #YourActionsSaveLives*In a previous list, Kern County was included as a County impacted by todays new closures. As of this morning, Kern County is no longer on CAs County Monitoring List and is not yet impacted.Counties impacted: Colusa Contra Costa Fresno Glenn Imperial Kings LA Madera Marin Merced Monterey Napa Orange Placer Riverside Sacramento San Benito San Bernardino San Diego San Joaquin Santa Barbara Solano Sonoma Stanislaus Sutter Tulare Yolo Yuba Ventura *NEW: As #COVID19 cases and hospitalizations continue to rise, 30 counties will now be required to CLOSE INDOOR OPERATIONS for: -Fitness Centers -Places of Worship -Offices for Non-Critical Sectors -Personal Care Services -Hair Salons and Barbershops -MallsNEW: #COVID19 cases continue to spread at alarming rates.  CA is now closing indoor operations STATEWIDE for: -Restaurants -Wineries -Movie theaters, family entertainment -Zoos, museums -Cardrooms Bars must close ALL operations.TUNE IN NOW for a major #COVID19 update.WEEKEND REMINDER: #COVID19 is not over just because you may be over it.Listen to @BillNye (who uses the word literally much more literally than I do) -- Wearing a mask will LITERALLY save lives.WEAR. A. MASK.Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.NEW: #COVID19 cases continue to spread at alarming rates in some CA counties.  CA is now asking Napa, San Benito, and Yolo to close indoor operations for: -Restaurants -Wineries -Movie theaters -Zoos, museums -Cardrooms Bars must close ALL operations.CAs hospitalizations for #COVID19 are up 44% over the last 2 weeks. Our hospitals are still only at 8% capacity -- but that could quickly change. We MUST take this SERIOUSLY. Wear your mask. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing. #YourActionsSaveLivesTune in now for a #COVID19 update.We cant right the wrongs of our past, but we can recognize them and commit to building a more equitable, just future for all. This move is symbolic -- but an important recognition of that promise.What a brave and important piece. Thank you @Lenny_Mendonca for your courage to share your story. Your service to CA was an incredible blessing.Its simple: Wear a mask. Practice physical distancing. Wash your hands. Slow the spread of #COVID19. : @attnListen to @tomhanks -- The idea of doing ones part should be so simple: wear a mask, social distance, wash your hands. That alone means you are contributing to the betterment of your house, your work, your town, your society as a whole.NEW: #COVID19 CA case update.NEW: #COVID19 cases continue to spread at alarming rates in some CA counties.  CA is now asking Colusa, Madera, Marin, Merced, Monterey & San Diego to close indoor operations for: -Restaurants -Wineries -Movie theaters -Zoos, museums -Cardrooms Bars must close ALL operations.Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.We cannot ignore #COVID19 because its inconvenient or were ready to go back to normal. If we work together, we can flatten the curve. Wear a mask. Wash your hands. Physically distance. Take this SERIOUSLY. #YourActionsSaveLivesHappy #FourthofJuly though we are all celebrating differently this year, let us summon the courage that drove our Founders, and the courage that drives all those who fight for Americas promise today as we protect one another from #COVID19.Listen to @SteveKerr. Wear a mask.#COVID19 can spread up to 26 feet if you sneeze. WEAR A MASK. This isnt about politics. Its about science.TUNE IN for a #COVID19 update.Wear a mask. Slow the spread. #YourActionsSaveLivesREMINDER: #COVID19 does not take the summer off. Does not take the weekend off. And will not take 4th of July off.Wearing a mask is a sign of toughness. Of resolve.  A sign of someone who gives a damn. Who wants to solve a problem. Who takes responsibility. I think thats a beautiful thing.NEW: All parking facilities at state beaches in Southern CA and the Bay Area will be CLOSED for the upcoming weekend. #COVID19 does not take 4th of July off. Avoid crowds. Do not gather with people you do not live with. Wear a mask. Physically distance. Be smart. Do your part.This applies to the following counties: - Contra Costa - Fresno - Glenn - Imperial - Kern - Kings - LA - Merced - Orange - Riverside - Sacramento - San Bernardino - San Joaquin - Santa Barbara - Santa Clara - Solano - Stanislaus - Tulare - Ventura#COVID19 continues to spread at an alarming rate. Effective immediately, 19 counties must close indoors operations for the following sectors: - Restaurants - Wineries - Movie theaters & family entertainment - Zoos, museums - Cardrooms Bars must close ALL operations.TUNE IN NOW for a major announcement and #COVID19 update.#COVID19 is on the rise. We flattened the curve once, we can do it again. We can crush this pandemic. We can get past this. But we have to be tougher and we have to do it TOGETHER. Wear your mask. Practice physical distancing. Do your part. Your actions will save lives.During this pandemic, CA has housed over 14,000 homeless individuals in hotels across our state. Now -- were leading the nation by expanding that program and making it permanent.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.Tune in shortly for a #COVID19 update.CAs response to #COVID19 is based on science. Thats why we asked counties that are experiencing high transmission and positivity rates to close down bars & toggle back re-openings. We will continue to monitor counties across the state & take appropriate action when necessary.TUNE IN for a #COVID19 update.An incredible victory against the latest attempt to effectively eliminate access to abortion. A womans right to choose is a constitutional right -- and today, the Supreme Court once again affirmed that.Week ahead reminder: - #COVID19 has not gone away. - Wash your hands. - Practice physical distancing. - Wear a mask. - TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY.NEW: Due to the rising spread of #COVID19, CA is ordering bars to close in Fresno, Imperial, Kern, Kings, Los Angeles, San Joaquin, and Tulare, while recommending they close in Contra Costa, Riverside, Sacramento, San Bernardino, Santa Barbara, Santa Clara, Stanislaus, & Ventura.Never been a more urgent election -- and CA Democrats have never been more energized, united and ready to elect our next President. At this moment in history, Im proud that our Delegation will be chaired by those who reflect the diversity and dynamism of our great state.Be kind. Wear a mask.Love connects every single one of us. For that to be denied simply because you love someone of the same sex is just wrong. In 2004, we defied the law and began marrying same sex couples in SF. 5 years ago today, we saw that become the law of the land.Dont be selfish. Wear a mask.NEW: Yesterday CA conducted over 76k #COVID19 tests. Positivity rate: 5.7% over 7 days. That rate in Imperial County, however, is at 23%. Hospitals there are overwhelmed. So today were working with the county to reinstate a stay at home order. We have to take this seriously.TUNE IN NOW.Listen to @SarahKSilverman -- but please DONT lick peoples teeth. Please DO wear a mask.Dr. Fauci is right -- this isnt about politics. Its about SCIENCE. Wearing a mask will help slow the spread of #COVID19.Yesterday CA conducted over 100k #COVID19 tests. Positivity rate: - 5.1% over 14 days - 5.6% over 7 days Yesterday we had a high of 7,149 new cases. Today, that dropped to 5,349--still higher than it should be. CA -- WEAR A MASK. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing.Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.Your actions can literally save lives. Wear your mask.#COVID19 has not gone away. Do your part to slow the spread. Wear a mask.Wear your mask.  This isnt about politics. Its about SCIENCE.  Protect others. Protect yourself. Help slow the spread of #COVID19.In the last 14 days, CA has conducted 1,052,101 tests with a #COVID19 positivity rate of 5.1%. This is an increase that we are tracking very closely. Californians need to remain vigilant and act responsibly. Wear a face covering. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing.Tune in now.List of things you should do today: - wear a mask - wash your hands - practice physical distancing Your actions can literally save lives.#COVID19 can spread up to 26 feet if you sneeze. 6 feet if you cough. 4.5 feet if you exhale. Please. WEAR YOUR MASK. #YourActionsSaveLivesDAILY REMINDER: WEAR YOUR MASK.Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.Wear your mask. Help slow the spread of #COVID19.  Just do it.Do your part. Slow the spread. Wear a mask.CA Capitol last night -- lit up in honor of #Juneteenth.REMINDER: CA, you are now REQUIRED to wear a mask in public spaces. Were seeing too many people with faces uncovered. Wearing a face covering is critical for keeping people safe and healthy, keeping businesses open and getting people back to work. Do your part. Wear your mask.Say it with me now... No one. Should. Have to. Risk. Their health. To exercise. Their right. To VOTE.Happy birthday to the love of my life!! @JenSiebelNewsom, your grace, compassion, and strength never cease to amaze me. Montana, Hunter, Brooklynn, Dutch and I are so incredibly lucky.Tonight, CAs Capitol will be lit up to honor #Juneteenth and remind us all that 155 years later, Black Americans still feel the impacts of government-sponsored racism. We cannot shy away from our past, but we can choose to create a brighter futurebuilt on equality and justice.Our history is filled violence and exploitation. We cannot undo those wrongs -- but we can acknowledge truth and begin to heal. 1 year ago, CA issued a formal apology to the Native American community. Now, we remove this statue. Lets continue that work.Be smart. Wear a mask.NEW: Californians are now REQUIRED to wear face coverings in public spaces. Together -- we can slow the spread. Do your part. Wear a mask. LEARN MORE:HERE TO STAY. Today is a major victory and sigh of relief for Dreamers everywhere. Now -- the fight continues for true, comprehensive immigration reform.This is the right move.Going to REPEAT, REPEAT, REPEAT: #COVID19 is still here. Wear a face covering. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing. Be smart.Smart. Gun. Laws. Save. Lives.An important step. This is nothing short of a tragedy -- Roberts family deserves a full and independent investigation.Its simple --  Be smart. Wear a face covering.  Physically distance.  Wash your hands. #YourActionsSaveLivesCAs #COVID19 hospitalization rate remains stable.CAs #COVID19 testing rate has increased. Our positivity rate has significantly dropped over time -- from 40.8% to 4.5% -- and has remained stable over the last two weeks.Tune in now for a #COVID19 update.You should never have to fear losing your job simply because of who you are or who you love. To see that righted today is an extraordinary thing. The fight for true equality continues.#COVID19 has not gone away. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing. Wear a face covering. DO YOUR PART. Your actions can literally save lives.REMINDER: Californians have access to FREE #COVID19 testing.  Type in your zip code and find a testing site in your area today.During a GLOBAL PANDEMIC. Pride month. And the 4th anniversary of the Pulse Nightclub shooting.We all have one universal need and desire -- to love and to be loved. It was only 53 years ago that Mildred and Richard had to fight for that right. Today, we honor their courage and continue the fight for true equality and racial justice. #LovingDayThis is the time for us to finally make a difference. - @KingJames #VOTECongrats, John!! Thanks for bringing so much joy to our office every day!#COVID19 is still here.  Be safe. Be smart. Do your part.Everyone has the right to protest peacefully and safely -- without being intimidated.  I dont want to see rubber bullets. Tear gas. We need a new statewide standard for use of force in protests.Lets come together, all of us, no matter the color of our skin, and stand together to make this a kind and safe place to live for everyone.#BlackLivesMatter . . . Artist: #bamr_theartist : @GuysontheGridOur justice system is not blind. It discriminates based on the color of your skin. Weve accepted that as normal. Normalcy created the conditions that led to this moment. If you want to go back to normalcyIm not going there with you. We deserve more.The carotid hold blocks the flow of blood to the brain. Its a dangerous tactic that should not be used by law enforcement.Protesters have the right to protest peacefully -- not be harassed. Not be shot at by rubber bullets or tear gas. Today I am calling for the creation of a new statewide standard for use of force in protests. Acts of violence against peaceful protestors will not be tolerated.Tune in now.Stockton: Rise Up! Rise up, as one. As one, we rise. Meeting with @MichaelDTubbs and folks in the community about what this moment means. Nothing short of inspired -- by their actions, their hope, and their desire to create change, together.You cant lead if you dont listen. Listen to the pain. Listen to the anger. Listen to the frustration. In LA today -- meeting with leaders, talking about what has led to this moment, and packing up lunches for Californians impacted by #COVID19.Congratulations, @Ella4Ferguson!If were going to rise to this moment with the attention and action that it fully deserves, we better start listening. We better own up to our own responsibility that led to this moment. And we better start inviting change.A moment in prayer today. This is a time of action. But its also a time to listen.The Black community is not responsible for what's happening in this country right now -- we are. Our institutions are.  We are accountable to this moment. People have lost patience -- Ive lost patience -- because they haven't seen progress.Tune in now.Tune in today around 12pm.We shouldnt have to feel like this.The racial inequities that exist in our society are evident all around us. Just look at #COVID19. Communities of color are overwhelmingly impacted. We must continue to work toward a more just, equitable future.Millions of people are lifting their voices in anger -- rightfully outraged at the systemic racism that persists in America. Our state and nation must build from this moment -- united and more resolved than ever -- to address the reality of racism and its root causes.NEW: 1.8 million people have been tested in CA for #COVID19. We have seen an average of 4.1% positive tests over the last 2 weeks.When will it end? We are faced with that question over and over again. The structural racism in our society persists. Our incapacity to wake up to that reality continues. Every. Single. Day. in America. #GeorgeFloydTune in now.Tune in!Scenes from this weekend:  Praying I dont end up looking like Gov. ExoticNEW: Starting today, many counties across California can choose to reopen hair salons and barbershops -- with serious modifications in place. LEARN MORE HERE:CA #COVID19 UPDATE: Over the last 14 days, CA has seen: - 6.7% decline in hospitalizations. - 0.6% increase in the number of ICU patients. CA is flattening the curve. Expanding testing. And carefully re-opening businesses. But we MUST continue to take this seriously.TUNE IN for a #COVID19 update.Tune in at 12pm for a #COVID19 update.NEW: Counties can now begin re-opening houses of worship and in-store shopping for retail. CA has continued to flatten the curve because folks are staying home, practicing physical distancing, and taking this seriously. Lets keep it up. LEARN MORE:Today we honor and remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of service to our country. May your courage and patriotism inspire us every day. #MemorialDay2020Its a 3 day weekend. Its nice outside. That doesnt mean #COVID19 has gone away. Wash your hands. Stay 6 feet apart. Wear a face covering. Be smart. Your actions can literally save lives.REMINDER: you can get tested for #COVID19 for FREE. Find a testing site near you by simply typing in your zip codeThey were not simply names on a list. They were us.As we head into the 3 day weekend -- Its unbelievably important that we act in a safe and responsible way. BE SMART.  Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing. Stay local. #COVID19 has not gone away. Your actions could literally save lives.Grateful for the firefighters and first responders on the scene. Stay safe, San Francisco.Towards the end of Ramadan and start of Eid-al-Fitr, grateful for the Muslim community across California celebrating the holiest time of the year safely -- staying healthy and slowing the spread of #COVID19.TUNE IN NOW.38 million Americans are out of a job. America is experiencing depression era unemployment. This isnt a red or blue state issue. The federal government has a moral & ethical obligation to provide aid states & cities need to recover from this pandemic.The Santa Susana toxic site should have been cleaned up long ago. Grateful for the partnership of @ENERGY moving this project forward and helping ensure all those in the area are healthy and safe.Great to join @Ava, @Netflixs Ted Sarandos, @Jon_Huertas, and more today to talk about how the film and TV industries in CA have been impacted by #COVID19 -- and what a re-opening of the workplace could look like.Tune in!NEW: CA has 81,795 confirmed cases of #COVID19: +1.7% from yesterday. 3,073 of those are in hospitals: +1.2%. 1,076 of those are in the ICU: +0.0%.When #COVID19 hit--Californians came together and met the moment.  We stayed home. Worked hard to keep each other safe. Now, were starting to re-open our communities. But the fight against COVID-19 isnt over. Lets stay the course and stop the spread.Great to join you all!CA is allowing more counties to accelerate their re-opening process. This will be based on each countys ability to increase testing, work with nursing homes, and stabilize their hospitalization and case rates. LEARN MORE:NEW: Over the last 14 days, CA has seen: - 7.5% decline in hospitalizations. - 8.7% decline in the number of ICU patients statewide.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.Tune in.States across our country are experiencing massive deficits due to #COVID19. This isnt a red or blue issue. We cannot do this alone. The federal govt has a moral and ethical obligation to support states so we can support our heroes on the frontlines.Grateful for the brave firefighters and first responders on the scene battling these flames tonight.To Californias college graduates: A huge CONGRATULATIONS to the class of 2020! @JenSiebelNewsom and I know this isnt *quite* what you imagined for this major milestone -- but that doesnt change its importance. We cant wait to see what you do next.A global health crisis has led to a global economic crisis. The magnitude of what were facing requires a response only the Federal Govt can provide. The Senate must put partisanship aside and provide the relief we need to protect our healthcare workers, teachers & firefighters.Were facing a recession worse than the Great Recession. 36 million Americans have lost their jobs. States simply cannot recover from this alone. Congress must pass the #HeroesAct and provide states and cities the relief they need.Californians have come together and met the moment. Serving on the frontlines. Staying home. Weve had each others backs. Now the federal government should have ours. CA, OR, WA, NV, and CO have asked for $1 trillion to protect our public schools, health, and safety programs.In this crisis, CA must adopt a balanced budget that protects our people and progress. That means protecting our core values: public health, public safety, public education and those hit hardest by #COVID19. But we cannot do this on our own.A global health crisis has triggered a global financial crisis. The U.S. GDP is projected to decrease by 26.5% this quarter. Job loss is at an all time high. Were facing a recession worse than the Great Recession.TUNE IN NOW.As we continue our fight against #COVID19, we must also continue to prepare for and fight wildfires across CA. We simply cant pull back on priorities that keep us safe.From January to May 10 last year we had 675 wildfires. From January to May 10 this year weve had 1,130 wildfires. A 60% increase. As we continue to fight #COVID19 we cant pull back on priorities that keep us safe. We will continue invest, prepare & fight wildfires across CA.TUNE IN NOW.New guidance can be found here:NEW: CA has released guidance for the re-opening of more industries such as: -Offices (that cannot telework) -Malls and strip malls (for curbside / outdoor pickup) -Outdoor museums. CA is flattening the curve but we MUST continue to allow science and public health to guide us.NEW: CA has conducted over 1,000,000 #COVID19 tests. This is an important milestone but we still have work to do. We must continue to ensure everyone has access to COVID-19 testing -- regardless of their zip code.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.NEW: Without federal support, states will be forced to make impossible decisions. TodayCA, OR, WA, NV, CO, and our legislative leaders have joined together to ask the federal government for $1 trillion to protect our schools, public health, and public safety services.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.The love of my life. The mom that does it all. Thank you for teaching our kids to lead with empathy and compassion. Happy Mothers Day to @JenSiebelNewsomand all the amazing moms out there. Youre the glue that keeps so many of us together during this crazy time. We love you!!CA is now a vote by mail state. Every registered voter will receive a mail-in ballot for the Nov election. Well also provide safe in-person voting options. The right to vote is foundational to our democracy. No one should be forced to risk their health to exercise that right.TUNE IN NOW.NEW: Today CA released guidance for some lower risk industries to begin re-opening. Starting TOMORROW places like: -clothing stores -bookstores -florists -sporting goods Along with manufacturing and logistics associated can start to re-open. LEARN MORE:Tune in now:NEW: CA has 58,815 confirmed cases of #COVID19: + 4.6% from yesterday. 3,334 of those are in hospitals: -1.0%. 1,140 of those are in the ICU: -1.5%. CA: we are flattening the curve -- but we must continue to take this seriously. Your actions can save lives.To our front line workers who test positive for #COVID19: we have your back. CA is now streamlining the process and making it easier for you to qualify for workers' compensation benefits -- retroactive from March 19th and through the next 60 days.NEW: CA has launched a new site that will allow you to find a #COVID19 test near you.  will allow you to search by your zip code and find testing sites statewide where you can book an appointment.TUNE IN NOW.NEW: CA has 56,212 confirmed cases of #COVID19: +2.3% from yesterday. 3,369 of those are in hospitals: +2.6%. 1,157 of those are in the ICU: -1.9%. CA: you are flattening the curve -- but we must continue to take this seriously and allow our reopening to be guided by science.TUNE IN NOW.Starting FRIDAY lower risk workplaces in Stage 2 such as: - bookstores - clothing stores - florists - sporting goods Can begin to re-open with modifications and adaptations like curbside pickup.NEW: CA has 54,937 confirmed cases of #COVID19: +2.5% from yesterday. 3,284 of those are in hospitals: -1.0%. 1,179 of those are in the ICU: +0.9%. CA is flattening the curve--but we must continue to take this seriously and allow our reopening to be guided by data and science.What DOES this include? Places like: - clothing stores - florists - bookstores - sporting goods stores All with curbside pick-up. What does this NOT include at this time? Places like: - Offices (can continue telework) - Restaurants (seated dining) - Shopping MallsCA is led by data and SCIENCE. Based off our progress, well begin to gradually move into Stage 2 this FRIDAY. Some sectors where theres a lower risk of transmission will be able to adapt & re-open with modifications. This will include some retail and manufacturing/logistics.TUNE IN NOW.NEW: CA has 50,442 confirmed cases of #COVID19: +3.1% from yesterday. 3,428 of those are in hospitals: -2.0%. 1,192 of those are in the ICU: +0.0%. Weve now tragically lost 2,073 people to #COVID19 in CA.  Remember: Your actions impact the lives of others. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW.Tune in!NEW: CA will now allow adults to obtain marriage licenses via videoconferencing for the next 60 days.NEW: CA has 48,917 confirmed cases of #COVID19: +5.2% from yesterday. 3,497 of those are in hospitals: +0.1%. 1,192 of those are in the ICU: +0.5%.  Your actions impact others. CAs flattening the curve but we MUST continue to take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesToday, we announced a new portal to help parents -- including our essential workers -- find safe and licensed child care in their area. VISIT to learn more.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.Going to REPEAT, REPEAT, REPEAT: CA is flattening the curve because folks are staying home. Practicing physical distancing. We arent out of the woods yet. We must continue to take this seriously and allow our re-opening to be guided by science and public health.We need to ensure our children are healthy and fed. Nearly 4 million children in CA, who are eligible for free or reduced school meals, can now receive up to $365 in benefits to replace school meals they may no longer be receiving. Learn more:NEW: CA has 46,500 confirmed cases of #COVID19-- +3.3% from yesterday. 3,495 of those are in our hospitals-- +1.2% from yesterday. 1,186 of those are in the ICU-- +0.4% from yesterday.  CA is flattening the curve, but we must continue to take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW.CA will re-open our economy in a gradual and thoughtful way -- guided by public health and science. Our stores will look different. Offices will operate differently. But we will be healthier.ICYMI: There is now a 60-day extension for several @CA_DMV deadlines -- including recently expired drivers licenses and IDs.NEW: CA has 45,031 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,455 of those are in our hospitals. 1,181 of those are in the ICU.  Science, data, and public health MUST drive our decisions. Remember -- your actions impact the lives of others. #StayHomeSaveLivesI know we're all ready for life to go back to normal. But it's unbelievably important we re-open our economy in a scientific, thoughtful way -- guided by public health. Our stores will look different. Offices will operate differently. But we will be healthier.STAGE 4: End of Stay-At-Home Order Re-opening the highest risk parts of our economy -- once therapeutics have been developed. This will include mass gatherings such as: - Concerts - Convention Centers - Live audience sportsSTAGE 3: Higher Risk Workplaces Gradually re-opening some higher risk environments with adaptations and limits on size of gatherings. This will include: -Personal care (hair salons, nail salons, gyms) -Movie theaters -Sports without live audiences -In-person religious servicesSTAGE 2: Lower Risk Workplaces Gradually re-opening some lower risk workplaces with adaptations. This will include: - Retail (e.g. curbside pickup) - Manufacturing - Offices (when telework not possible) - More public spacesSTAGE 1: Safety and Preparedness. This is where we are now. Staying home and flattening the curve. Building out our testing, PPE, and hospital capacity. Making our essential workplaces as safe as possible. And preparing sector-by-sector guidelines for a safe re-opening.CA is flattening the curve, but the reality is #COVID19 is not going away soon. Our re-opening must be gradual, guided by public health and science, and will be done in the following STAGES:Politics and protests will not drive our decision making. Science, data, and public health will drive our decision making. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.Tune in!CA is lead by data and science. Were looking at patterns and numbers of cases in real time. Working to prevent our #COVID19 trend lines from becoming headlines.Over the next few weeks Ill be hosting digital conversations with small business owners, workers, and industry leaders to hear directly from those impacted by #COVID19 and how theyre working to modify operations and work toward CAs recovery. Together, CA can meet this moment.NEW: CA has 43,464 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,372 of those are in our hospitals. 1,185 of those are in the ICU.  Data, science, & health must drive our decisions. Your actions impact the lives of others. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.Today, Colorado and Nevada joined CA, OR, and WA in our Western States Pact. The West Coast is -- and will continue to be -- guided by SCIENCE. We issued our stay at home orders early to keep the public healthy. Well open our economies with that same guiding principle..@SHAQ called his neighbor -- Cheryl -- to check in. You should too!Its going to be nice outside this weekend. You might be feeling cooped up. Ready for life to go back to normal. But cant stress this enough: CA can only keep flattening the curve if we stay home and practice physical distancing. You have the power to literally save lives.NEW: CA has 39,254 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,344 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,216 of those are in the ICU.  I know its going to be nice out this weekend. And many are tired of staying home. But we MUST continue take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesNEW: CA has launched a first-in-the-nation program-- Restaurants Deliver will allow local restaurants to provide meals for older Californians. 3 meals a day--at no cost. This will help provide jobs to local businesses and aid those in need. Learn more:TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.No one stands taller than when they bend down on one knee to lift another up. Thats the spirit of the initiative we launched this week--allowing folks to volunteer and give back to their communities during this trying time.#RamadanMubarakto all who celebrate!Tune in!NEW: CA has 37,369 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,343 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,204 of those are in the ICU.  We have tragically lost 1,469 lives in CA, including 115 yesterday--our deadliest 24 hours yet. We MUST take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesCalifornians need relief. Debt collectors are now prohibited from collecting from COVID-related relief for individuals like CARES Act stimulus checks.NEW: 21 out of the 24 major student loan servicers have agreed to provide relief to 1.1 million CA students. For the next 90 days there will be no late fees. No fines. And actual support for new payment plans for the future.  Thank you @JBPritzker for leading this effort.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.We are the UNITED States of America. Today, CA doctors headed to NY for the next two weeks to help fight #COVID19. Grateful for their service and their willingness to help our fellow Americans in need.Ill be going live with @mPinoe on Instagram TOMORROW!! Make sure to tune in at 1:30 PM PT. #PinoeAskNewsomNEW: CA has 35,396 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,357 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,219 of those cases are in the ICU.  CA is flattening the curve--but only if we continue to take this seriously. Stay home. And practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesCA will add an additional 86 testing sites -- specifically focused on underserved communities and communities of color that are often harder hit by #COVID19. We need equity in our testing capacity across the state to keep ALL Californians healthy.NEW: CA will work with our hospitals and health systems to resume delayed medical care like tumor removals and key preventive care services--which were deferred to prep for the #COVID19 surge. Well do this in a thoughtful and judicious way to ensure our system has the capacity.TUNE IN NOW.Californias strength lies in its spirit of community and commitment to service. The power of 40 million raised hands, simply to lend a hand. Together, we can meet this moment. #CaliforniansforAllNEW: CA has 33,261 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,365 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,241 of those cases are in the ICU.  CA is flattening the curve, but only if we continue to take this seriously. Stay home. And practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.CA is beginning to flatten the curve -- but were not out of the woods yet. We must continue to stay home. Practice physical distancing. And allow our re-opening to be guided by public health and science. #StayHomeSaveLives- 70,000+ laptops, iPads, and more. - $30M for hot spots and connectivity help. - City buses as super hotspots. School may be out -- but class is still in. Now, more than ever, its unbelievably important we focus on bridging the digital divide and empowering our CA students.NEW: CA has 30,978 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,257 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,196 of those patients are in the ICU.  CA -- please continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLives.@JenSiebelNewsom and I are giving an update on #COVID19 this morning. Tune in.TUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.Great to join you!!CA has procured nearly 11,000 rooms to protect our homeless population from #COVID19. Today, we announced Motel 6 is setting aside up to 5,025 rooms at 47 locations in 19 counties like the one were in front of today. We must continue to protect our homeless from this disease.NEW: CA has 28,963 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,221 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,173 of those are in the ICU.  We have now tragically lost 1,072 people in the state of CA to this disease. We MUST continue to take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW.NEW: CA has 27,528 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,180 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,174 of those are in the ICU.  CA is flattening the curve -- but we MUST continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTune in tomorrow!!THANK YOU -- to all the workers in the food industry. The grocery workers. Fast food workers. Farmworkers. Agricultural workers. Delivery drivers. You are not only essential -- you are VALUED.Workers in the food sector are the unsung heroes of this unprecedented time. I signed an Executive Order that will increase sanitary measures and give 2 weeks of supplemental paid sick leave for #COVID19. Our grocery lines have become our frontlines and must be treated as such.NEW: CA has 26,182 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,141 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,191 of those are in the ICU.  CA is flattening the curve -- but we MUST continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN.NEW: CA has 24,424 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,171 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,175 of those are in the ICU.  CA is flattening the curve -- but we MUST continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesWe are also working to ensure the new federal Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (which includes coverage for our independent contractors out of work due to #COVID19) gets issued within 24-48 hours -- not the traditional 21 days.2.7 million Californians have filed for unemployment in the last month. Today I signed an executive order that will extend our EDD call center hours from 8AM-8PM, 7 days a week, to help process requests and get you the benefits you need as soon as possible.TUNE IN.When it comes to re-opening, the most important thing we can do is to allow science to be our guide. CA has met this moment in a remarkable way, but everything is conditioned on us staying the course, staying home, and practicing physical distancing.4) Ability to develop therapeutics to meet the demand 5) Ability for businesses, schools, and child care facilities to support physical distancing 6) Ability to determine when to reinstitute certain measures, such as the stay-at-home orders, if necessary.1) Ability to monitor and protect our communities through testing, contact tracing, isolating, and supporting those who are positive or exposed 2) Ability to prevent infection in people who are at high risk 3) Ability of hospitals and health systems to handle surgesWhen it comes to re-opening, SCIENCE -- not politics -- must be California's guide. CA has developed 6 indicators that will help guide how and when we decide to re-open our economy. This isnt about an on/off switch. This will be a thoughtful process -- led by public health...TUNE IN.To all the healthcare workers on the frontlines of this pandemic every day -- thank you. Your courage, service, and sacrifice are an inspiration to us all.  Tonight -- we honor you.Listen to @KimKardashian (and North West!). #StayHomeSaveLivesNEW: CA has 22,348 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 3,015 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,178 of those are in the ICU. We must continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesThe West Coast is guided by science. We issued stay at home orders early to keep the public healthy. Well open our economies with that same guiding principle. CA, WA, and OR will work together on a shared vision focused on health--not politics. Together--well meet this moment.TUNE IN at 12pm for a #COVID19 update.THANK YOU -- to our essential workers on the frontlines. To those staying home and practicing physical distancing. And to all the parents who are adjusting their holiday traditions to keep CA healthy. Happy Easter from @JenSiebelNewsom and all our kiddos!CA has been flattening the curve thanks to millions of people staying home and practicing physical distancing. The worst thing we can do is get ahead of ourselves. Staying at home is literally saving lives. This isnt over yet. We have to keep it up.Cant stress this enough -- Physical distancing is working. CA is flattening the curve. BUT we can only continue that progress if we continue to STAY HOME and PRACTICE PHYSICAL DISTANCING. You have the power to literally save lives. We cant stop now. #StayHomeSaveLivesLove this -- "A reassuring smile makes a big difference to a scared patient. So I made a giant laminated badge for my PPE." THANK YOU Robertino for your creativity and kindness. And THANK YOU to all our healthcare workers on the frontlines.Thanks for chatting @TheRock. These are trying times. Wage loss, school closures, nothing about this is easy but we can choose to see the little moments of inspiration and determination to help guide us. Thanks for your leadership and spreading the word to #StayHomeSaveLives.Live now with @TheRock on instagram!! Tune in!California's curve is flattening. But that progress will only hold if we continue to STAY HOME and practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesNEW: CA has 19,472 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,897 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,145 of those are in the ICU. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW for my daily #COVID19 update.TUNE IN at 12pm for my daily #COVID19 update.Ill be going LIVE today with @TheRock at 1:30pm on Instagram. Well be talking about the importance of STAYING HOME and the unprecedented challenges were all facing today. Make sure to TUNE IN! &gt;Phyllis and Del were the manifestation of love and devotion. Yet for over 50 years they were denied the right to say 2 extraordinary words: I do. Phyllisit was the honor of a lifetime to marry you & Del. Your courage changed the course of history. Rest in Peace my dear friend.We need to do better for our healthcare heroes. Too many are nervous about infecting a loved one. Or working long hours & driving home with little sleep. Starting tomorrow, CA will provide healthcare workers with hotel rooms at no-or low-cost & free flights for our Health Corps.NEW: CA has 18,309 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,825 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,132 of those are in the ICU. We must continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW.Just wanted to start off the day saying THANK YOU to all the custodial workers. You are the unsung heroes of this moment -- keeping things clean and keeping people safe at our hospitals, government buildings, grocery stores, and more. Were so grateful.United in this fight. Together -- we can meet this moment.Though tonight is certainly different from all other nights, wishing all who celebrate a meaningful Passover. May we remain connected though physically apart. Chag Sameach.NEW: CA has 16,957 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,714 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,154 of those are in the ICU. We must continue to take this seriously. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN.TUNE IN at 12pm for a #COVID19 update.Listen to @OfficialJLD. #StayHomeSaveLivesCA isnt waiting around, hoping we will get the equipment we need. We decided to use our purchasing power and have sourced upwards of 200 million medical masks. In the coming weeks, well see those supplies coming to CA from a variety of sources.CA's 500 ventilators will begin to ship out today: 100-&gt;NY 100-&gt;NJ 100-&gt;IL 50-&gt;MD 50-&gt;DC 50-&gt;DE 50-&gt;NV Committed to the health of every Californian. Practicing our duty as Americans to take care of one another. I know other states would do the same.Its important to address the anxiety #COVID19 is causing for many -- compounded by stress due to lost wages, school closures, social isolation, and more. These stresses can impact our mental AND physical health and should be taken seriously. Learn more:NEW: CA has 15,865 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,611 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,108 of those are in the ICU. We expect these numbers to continue to rise. Stay home. Practice physical distancing. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW for a #COVID19 update.TUNE IN at 12pm for a #COVID19 update.This is Sonny. Hes an anesthesiologist working in CA. Hes pictured here preparing to intubate a patient. Were so grateful for Sonny and all our healthcare workers on the frontlines every day saving lives and keeping Californians healthy. THANK YOU.Listen to @KristinDavis. #StayHomeSaveLivesListen to @McConaughey: Staying home is not a retreat, it is the most brave and aggressive weapon we have against this enemy.  #StayHomeSaveLivesNEW: CA has 14,336 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,509 of those cases are in our hospitals. 1,085 of those are in the ICU. Weve now identified up to 4,613 beds at new healthcare sites were building across CAtransforming arenas & convention centers into places of careTUNE IN NOW.TUNE IN at 12pm for a #COVID19 update.CA will continue to prepare and secure the equipment we need to keep our fellow Californians healthy while standing with other states in their moments of need.In times of crisis, its more important than ever we are the UNITED States of America. CA is answering the call for Americans in NY and across the country, loaning 500 state-owned ventilators to those in need.I know, if the tables were turned, other states would be there for us.NEW: CA has 12,026 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,300 of those who have tested positive are in our hospitals. 1,008 of those patients are in the ICU. This disease can impact anyone. Stay home. Take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN for a #COVID19 update.This is Adam and April.Adams an ER doc.Aprils a clinical nurse.They have a beautiful 5-month-old daughter named Dylan. To them -- and the hundreds of thousands of courageous CA healthcare workers on the frontlines of this pandemic -- THANK YOU.If youre currently out of work -- check out this new website that will match Californians with critical jobs statewide. Jobs are being added on a regular basis. &gt;NEW: With help from @FEMA were identifying 15,000 hotel/motel rooms to help house our most vulnerable homeless population -- a first in the nation effort. Homelessness is a crisis that predates the current crisis. We're doing everything we can to meet it head-on.NEW: CA has 10,701 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 2,188 of those who have tested positive are in our hospitals. 901 of those patients are in the ICU. This disease can impact anyone. Stay home. Take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN for a #COVID19 update.The most impactful thing we can do is STAY HOME. Practice physical distancing. Take this seriously.THANK YOU --  To all the teachers that have turned their living rooms into virtual classrooms and lessons into creative take-home packets. To all the school employees that are making sure our kids stay fed and our students stay healthy. We are in debt to you.Tune in!INCREDIBLE: over 70,000 people have stepped up and applied to help. Lets keep it going:If youre unemployed and are looking for work -- this new job matching website can help.TUNE IN -- about to give my daily #COVID19 update.Ill be answering questions today around 1pm! #AsktheGovIm going to REPEAT. REPEAT. REPEAT. The most important thing we can do is STAY HOME and practice physical distancing. Thats how we flatten the curve.Theres no greater intervention than physical distancing. Thats how we flatten the curve. Thats how we save lives. By staying HOME.NEW: CA has 8,155 confirmed positive cases of #COVID19. 1,855 of those who have tested positive are in our hospitals. 774 of those patients are in the ICU. This disease can impact anyone. Take this seriously. #StayHomeSaveLivesTUNE IN NOW.Were working around the clock to make sure were prepared for the worst while also putting measures in place to help us from reaching that point. We need more masks & ventilators. But we also need folks to take this seriously. Stay home. Stop the spread.Just wanted to start the day saying THANK YOU to our dock workers, truck drivers, and warehouse workers -- making sure our stores are stocked and our hospitals get equipment. Thank you.California is an enterprising, modernizing, nation-state. 40 million strong. Together, we will get through this.These are dark times -- but Ive also never been more inspired. Folks across our state are stepping up with the kind of innovative spirit that embodies the very best of what it means to be a Californian.Listen to Larry David: Youre hurting old people like me. Well, not me...Ill never see you.  #StayHomeSaveLivesCA has launched a hotline to deliver services and help for older Californians. CALL: 1-833-544-2374. Social isolation is real. During these trying times its important to check in with our loved ones. Stay Home. Save Lives. Check In.NEW: CA has 6,932 positive cases of #COVID19. 1,617 of those who have tested positive are in our hospitals. 657 of those patients are in the ICU. Over the next few weeks we expect these numbers to increase. This disease can impact anyone. Stay home. Take this seriously.TUNE IN for a #COVID19 update.We need more masks. We need more ventilators. But we also need more PEOPLE. That means every doctor, nurse, EMT, and more -- we need your help. Together, we can meet this moment."It's important for people to step in and just do whatever they can, even if it helps just one person." Thats the CA spirit. Shaivi -- youre an inspiration to us all!!NEW: California has 1,432 COVID-19 positive patients in hospital beds. 597 of those patients are in ICU beds. Over the next few weeks these numbers will increase. Were working around the clock to get the equipment, medical staff, and beds we will need to meet this moment.Medical professionals are the heroes of this moment. We need ALL healthcare workers out in the field. This is an all hands on deck situation as we prepare for whats ahead. Doctors, nursing students, EMTs & more--CA needs YOU. Sign up. Spread the word:TUNE IN NOW.To every doctor and healthcare worker out there on the front lines of this pandemic -- THANK YOU. Thank you for your tireless work to keep our communities safe and your willingness to risk your own health to help save others. You are true heroes. #NationalDoctorsDayLA received 170 broken ventilators from the national stockpile. Rather than complaining, we put them on a truck, drove them up overnight, and had @Bloom_Energy get to work fixing them. Monday theyll back in LA--fixed. Thats the spirit of CA.Im at Bloom Energys warehouse.  They have partnered with the state and transformed their facility to refurbish life-saving ventilators. Their goal is to send out 80-100 a day. This kind of innovative spirit is exactly what CA is all about.Headed to Bloom Energy today. Through a partnership with CA, Bloom has transformed its facility to rapidly refurbish life-saving ventilators. CA companies are stepping up and stepping in to help us meet this moment together.Listen to @kenjeong. #StayHomeSaveLivesNEW: CA now has a statewide moratorium on residential evictions for those impacted by #COVID19. This will be in place until at least the end of May. No one should lose their home because of COVID-19. LEARN MORE:TUNE IN. Live now.TUNE IN.Greeting the #USNSMercy as it arrives in Los Angeles. The ship will serve as an additional hospital with up to 1,000 beds.The USNS Mercy hospital ship docked this morning in Los Angeles. Grateful to the @USNavy for helping increase our hospital capacity during the #COVID19 outbreak.Yesterday, Ms. Nancy, Omar, and Nowell took the time to chat with me about how a 90-day grace period can help provide some relief to their families. These are unprecedented times, but I believe that together Californians can meet this moment.Eternally grateful for your leadership and mentorship -- especially during these trying times. Happy birthday, @SpeakerPelosi. (: @AP)Staying at home will reduce the spread of #COVID19 and will save lives. But what does that mean? Whats open? Whats closed?  #StayHomeSaveLivesThank you, @netflix.Listen to @kumailn. #StayHomeSaveLivesUPDATE: CA has tested almost 67,000 people for #COVID19.  2535 have tested positive. 37 of those were people under 17. 51% were between ages of 18-49. This disease can impact anyone. Stay home. Practice social and physical distancing. Take this seriously.UPDATE: California has distributed 24.5 million N95 masks. We have now ordered 100 million new masks. But it isnt enough. Were working around the clock to secure the personal protective equipment needed for those on the frontlines of #COVID19.Families should not lose their homes because of COVID-19. Very pleased that Wells Fargo, Citi, JPMorgan, and US Bank have agreed to a 90 day grace period for mortgage payments for those impacted by #COVID19. A big sigh of relief for millions of CA families.Making a major announcement. Tune in now.TUNE IN at 12:45 Ill be making a major announcement that will help families during the #COVID19 outbreak.Just wanted to start off the day saying THANK YOU -- to our first responders, firefighters, and law enforcement officers in our communities making sure we stay safe. Grateful for your work during this unprecedented time.TUNE IN NOW.Today, Californias Office of Emergency Services delivered 4,200 N95 masks, 1,000 face shields and 5,500 surgical masks to Queen Of The Valley Hospital in Napa and the Napa County Emergency Operations Center.Listen to Will Ferrell. Party with the people you live with. #StayHomeSaveLivesListen to @SnoopDogg. #StayHomeSaveLivesLIVE NOW. Tune in.A disease is not a reason to be racist. We simply will not tolerate any form of xenophobia. This is a time to come together. To recognize our common humanity. We will get through this -- together.President Trump has approved our request to deploy the #USNSMercy to Los Angeles. Grateful for the quick response and partnership, @realDonaldTrump.Grocery stores are open. You can still pick up your prescription. You can still take your dog on a walk. But you should also use common sense when doing all these things. Practice social distancing. Wash your hands. Wipe down your phone.Thank you @tim_cook!TUNE IN AT 5:15.Whats closed? - Dine-in restaurants - Bars and nightclubs - Entertainment venues - Gyms and fitness studios - Public events and gatherings - Convention Centers - Hair and nail salonsYou may be asking...What does CAs stay at home order MEAN? What can I do? Whats open? Essential services will remain open like: - Gas stations - Pharmacies - Grocery stores - Food banks - Take-out & delivery - Banks - Laundry - Essential state and local government functionsWe have the capacity to meet this moment -- but only if we change our behaviors.  We don't want to look back with regrets -- not when the data points to where this could be headed. Let's bend the curve TOGETHER.Just wanted to start off the day saying THANK YOU to every --  grocery store worker, pharmacist, and delivery worker that are helping us get though this together.CA is issuing a statewide, mandatory STAY AT HOME order.  Those that work in critical sectors should go to work. Grocery stores, pharmacies, banks and more will stay open. We need to meet this moment and flatten the curve together. Go to to learn more.Making a major announcement. Tune in now.