Since the invasion of Ukraine began, Vladimir Putin and his commanders have failed in their campaign to rapidly destroy a democratic nation.They destroy conservative judges and expect us to just clap and vote Yes. That's ridiculous, dangerous, and it's not going to happen.The game has changed. Remember Amy Coney Barrett. Remember Brett Kavanaugh. I do.My no vote was based upon Judge Jacksons record of judicial activism, flawed sentencing methodology regarding child pornography cases, and a belief that she will not be deterred by the plain meaning of the law when it comes to liberal causes.Speaking about my opposition to Judge Jackson for the Supreme Court. WATCH:Hoping for a quick recovery. Get well soon!Speaking with @jesseprimetime in just a few minutes. Tune in! #FoxNewsThe #WarCrimes committed in #Bucha cannot be ignored by the freedom-loving world. Here are some ideas on how to hold Putin accountable.While I have some foreign policy differences with @SenMikeLee, he is an outstanding conservative member of the U.S. Senate.  The people of Utah are fortunate to have him as their senator!We're supposed to be like trained seals over here clapping when you appoint a liberal thats not going to work.When you [Democrats] had a chance to support an African American conservative [Janice Rogers Brown], you used her ideology against her.  You blocked her from being considered by this committee.We live in an America today where your ideology is held against you if you're a conservative.  When you're a liberal, we're supposed to embrace everything about you and not ask hard questions.  That's not the world we're going to live in.Now speaking at the the Senate Judiciary Committee business meeting on the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson has started.  WATCH:The Senate Judiciary Committee business meeting on the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson has started.  WATCH:Putin must LOSE.  Ukrainians slaughtered by Putins forces must not die in vain.No excuses are acceptable for loopholes in sanctions against Putins war machine.   No excuses are acceptable when it comes to justifications for not providing more offensive weapons like planes, tanks, and things like larger Switchblade drones.The war crimes being uncovered across Ukraine must be a turning point regarding Putin's Russia.  Through these atrocities, Putins Russia is challenging everything the freedom-loving world believes in.Congratulations to @GamecockWBB and Coach @dawnstaley on bringing home another National Championship!  Focused. Disciplined. What an effort. What a team!  #Redemption #champions #WFinalFourSpeaking with @TGowdySC in just a few minutes about my opposition to the Supreme Court nominee, Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson.  : @FoxNews : 7:45 pmOur hearts go out to the Tanglewood Middle School family.  We are praying for all those affected.After a thorough review of Judge Jackson's record and information gained at the hearing from an evasive witness, I now know why Judge Jackson was the favorite of the Radical Left.However, her record is overwhelming in its lack of a steady judicial philosophy and a tendency to achieve outcomes in spite of what the law requires or common sense would dictate.I find Judge Jackson to be a person of exceptionally good character, respected by her peers, and someone who has worked hard to achieve her current position.My decision is based upon her record of judicial activism, flawed sentencing methodology regarding child pornography cases, and a belief that Judge Jackson will not be deterred by the plain meaning of the law when it comes to liberal causes.I oppose and will vote against the nomination of Judge Jackson to the Supreme Court.Now speaking on the Senate floor on the nomination of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to serve on the United States Supreme Court   WATCH:Speaking on the Senate floor on the nomination of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to serve on the United States Supreme Court.   : 11:00 am : Senate Floor :Speaking on the Senate floor today on the nomination of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to serve on the United States Supreme Court.   : 11:00 am : Senate Floor :Like most freedom-loving people in the world, I am in awe of the fight and determination shown by the Ukrainian people to protect their nation and stop Putins war machine.Stand with Ukraine, don't sell them outBiden Administration immigration policies have been a disaster and they seem intent on making a bad problem even worse.It takes off the table one of the most effective tools we have had to deter illegal immigration and help bring order to the chaos at the border. If you believe there is still a threat from COVID, it would be a complete disaster.If it is true that the Biden Administration is talking about repealing Title 42 authority to deport illegal immigrants due to COVID, it would be a nightmare on multiple levels.  It sends a signal encouraging even more illegal immigration, putting the problem on steroids.Just when you think weve reached the bottom on bad ideas from the Biden Administration.it appears they will now go even lower.When it comes a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court, this is the least the White House, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and nominee can do for the process.The fact that cases regarding child pornography sentencing were left off the list of child abuse cases provided to the Senate Judiciary Committee requires more scrutiny, not less.  All Senators should have access to all relevant materials in a timely and appropriate fashion.The Senate should be provided all relevant information before voting on this nomination.A month into this fight for freedom where the Ukrainian people are fighting like tigers President Biden has yet to embrace victory for Ukraine and has no coherent strategy to bring that about. He is always playing catch-up and explaining what he will not do.President Bidens press conference entered into the land of the surreal. President Biden again stated that he never believed sanctions would deter Putin contrary to what he was telling Congress, the American people, and the world.As Ukraine burns, President Biden is talking about Charlottesville and domestic politics. Very sad.This lack of clarity by the President to Putin is making this conflict worse and incentivizes escalation in my view.Does it mean that we are going to use chemical weapons against Russia if they use them? Or does it mean that we will consider that a provocation that would require a NATO no-fly zone over Ukraine?As to the Presidents response regarding Russias use of chemical weapons: I have no idea what an in-kind response means.There is so much more that we should be doing: Give Ukraine all of the anti-ship missiles that they need. Provide them with a more sophisticated anti-aircraft capability. Urge our NATO partners to stop buying any oil and gas from Russia immediately.With all due respect to President Biden:Unity in NATO does not matter while Ukraine is being destroyed.With all due respect to President Biden: Unity in NATO does not matter while Ukraine is being destroyed.Have you ever heard the Biden Administration embrace the idea that Ukraine could win?Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning in just a few minutes. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the latest on #Ukraine.  : @FoxNewsI had the pleasure of traveling with her and witnessed firsthand the respect people throughout the world had for Secretary Albright. My prayers are with her family and friends as we remember and celebrate a life well lived.Very sad to hear of the passing of former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. She led an incredible, inspiring life and was one of the strongest voices on the world stage.Happening now  WATCH:Im questioning Supreme Court nominee Judge Jackson now in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  WATCH:Speaking with @JudgeJeanine right now on @FoxNews.Now questioning Judge Jackson in the Senate Judiciary Committee. WATCH:@navalny If there is true justice in the world, Putin will soon be gone and people like Navalny will soon be free both done at the hands of the Russian people.The Russian judicial system which is a joke just sentenced Russian opposition leader Alexei @navalny to an additional 9 years in jail.   What was his crime?  Having the guts to stand up to Putin and his brutal regime.ICYMI  Opening Statement In Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing On Supreme Court Nominee Judge Jackson WATCH:Ukraine has asked for the ability to defend its skies and for more lethal drones and the world does not respond.  Why we do not provide more lethal drones, more advanced air defense systems, and support the transfer of MiG-29s is not only a mystery - it is shameful.When it comes to supplying Ukraine with aircraft and advanced air defense systems:  NATO is lacking.  United States is somewhat AWOL.   Still no MiG-29s to bolster Ukraines air defense.To those carrying out these war crimes in Putins name - if you continue down this road you will regret it.   Justice will be delivered, the sooner the better.  God bless the Ukrainians.The destruction of Mariupol by Russian forces is one of the greatest war crimes in modern history and there must be accountability from top to bottom.He took great pride in his constituent service and working to improve the lives of Alaskans. A large legacy for a giant man.  Rest In Peace my friend.Very sad to hear of the passing of Representative Don Young, the longest-serving Member of the House of Representatives and a dear friend.  Don was a larger-than-life character, an incredibly effective Member of Congress, and always had Alaska on his mind.President Zelensky gave a great speech yesterday. But what Putin fears is not a great speech He fears the Javelins, the Stingers, and the MiGs. Best way to deal with Putin: punch him in the nose.The respect I have for her courage to speak out at great personal risk is boundless.  God bless her and her efforts to chart a new course for Russia.In desperate and troubled times, real heroes emerge.  Marina Ovsyannikova, the Russian journalist who spoke truth to power against Putin, is the type of person that changes the course of history.Great meeting with @WFPChief to discuss the work the @WFP is doing in Ukraine.If Putin uses a tactical nuclear weapon in Ukraine, I would consider that a NATO Article 5 breach.  Radiation would flow outside Ukraine and negatively impact the entire region, including NATO members.I sense things are breaking in Russia.  This was the statement of a desperate man.This is the speech of a loser.  Putin is losing. He would not be threatening his own people if they were with him.Speaking with @SandraSmithFox  and @johnrobertsFox in just a few minutes about #Ukraine. Tune in to @FoxNews.Speaking with @JesseBWatters on @FoxNews in just a few minutes. Tune in!Speaking on the floor of the Senate with @SenWhitehouse about our efforts to enable the seizure and sale of Russian oligarchs assets. WATCH:ICYMI Press conference on Zelensky speech to Congress and providing Ukraine with MiG-29 fighter jets.  WATCH:The text of draft resolution supporting the transfer of aircraft and air defense systems to the Ukrainian Armed Forces. READ:Press conference LIVESTREAM on Zelensky speech.  WATCH:Press conference live stream WATCH:Text of draft resolution supporting the transfer of aircraft and air defense systems to the Ukrainian Armed Forces. READ:Press conference this morning on Zelensky address to Congress and a Senate resolution urging the Biden Administration to facilitate the transfer of aircraft, such as MiG-29s, and air defense systems to Ukraine.  : 11:00 AM : Senate Radio-TV GalleryWill be holding a press conference this morning on Zelensky address to Congress and a Senate resolution urging the Biden Administration to facilitate the transfer of aircraft, such as MiG-29s, and air defense systems to Ukraine.  : 11:00 AM : Senate Radio-TV GalleryThe next step for me is to work with our British allies and hopefully others to create an intel cell that will make available to the public Russian military units engaged in war crimes and start naming their commanders.  A name-and-shame campaign is in the making.Very excited the U.S. Senate unanimously agreed to support the war crimes investigation being conducted against Putin & his inner circle at the Hague.  America should do all we can to aid this investigation by providing information & intelligence to the court in a timely manner.Very sad to hear my good friend @schousespeaker Jay Lucas will not be seeking reelection for the South Carolina House of Representatives. Jay did an incredible job as Speaker of the House and has much to be proud of. He created a model for others to follow.The Attorney General has a bold and appropriate plan in these areas and I will do what I can to help to hold Putin and his regime accountable.It is imperative Congress work with the Department of Justice in a timely manner to update our laws and create new authorities to go after the bad guys.We should provide additional funding to have a robust Rule of Law response to Putin.Holding Putin and his Russian oligarchs accountable. Securing the homeland from overseas cyberattacks. Seeking justice for the many outrages committed against Ukraine.Great meeting with Attorney General Garland today about the way forward on several issues involving Ukraine and Russia including:Speaking with @HARRISFAULKNER in just a few minutes about the latest on Ukraine. Tune in!@RepJoeWilson delivering remarks now.  WATCH:Speaking now on Ukraine at @UofSCLaw.  WATCH:Speaking now: Deputy Executive Director of @ROLC_USC Steven Austermiller.  WATCH:Speaking now: Joel Samuels, Dean of @UofSC_CAS and Executive Director of @ROLC_USC.  WATCH:Im joining @RepJoeWilson in a roundtable discussion at @UofSCLaw on Assessing the Conflict in Ukraine and Possible War Crimes. WATCH NOW:Speaking with @foxandfriends in just a few minutes. Tune in!Speaking with @MariaBartiromo in just a few minutes.Learn more about the Clemson 8 Challenge and the incredible story of Colonel Ben Skardon.  Clemson 8 ChallengeOn April 9, 1942, six Clemson alumni became POWs with tens of thousands of their brothers-in-arms when American troops fighting in the Philippines were ordered to surrender to the Japanese.  This morning I attended the Clemson 8 Challenge to honor these and other heroes.We must not let Putin determine the course of action we take to provide military assistance to the Ukrainians.  The denial of MiGs is a major misstep in the effort to support Ukraine.The decision to reverse course on sending the MiGs to Ukraine by the Biden Administration emboldens Putin, reduces the capability of Ukrainians to defend themselves and is a complete capitulation to threats made by Putin.This decision, in coordination with other economic sanctions, should deliver a crippling blow to the Russian economy.  Todays decision regarding trading status is by no means an adequate substitute for providing Ukraine with MiG-29 fighter jets to defend their homeland.Very much support President Biden and the G7 leaders decision to terminate Most Favored Nation (MFN) trading status with Russia.  This is another step in the right direction which should have been done earlier.The legislative process can be unseemly and ugly. However, with passage we funded the government and avoided a government shutdown.  We also helped the U.S. military with an increase in spending as well as provided much-needed aid to Ukraine as they fight for their freedom.Speaking with @FoxNews @johnrobertsFox and @SandraSmithFox in just a few minutes.We cannot let Putin run NATO or freeze our ability to respond appropriately.   The Ukrainian President asked for the jets.   Poland and other nations are willing to supply jets.   The Biden Administration/America fiddles while Ukraine burns.  Send the jets!The Biden Administration apparently supported Poland, a NATO member, transferring the jets, but all of a sudden it is untenable when America is involved in the transfer.Im beyond dumbfounded the Biden Administration is opposing the transfer of Polish MiGs to Ukrainian pilots so they can defend their homeland.Speaking with @marklevinshow tonight at 8:20 PM about the latest on Ukraine-Russia. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @ericbolling on @newsmax about the latest on Ukraine-Russia in just a few minutes. WATCH:I hate this for the Russian people, but they need to understand that Putins invasion of Ukraine has brought worldwide condemnation and outrage. Putin is a war criminal who needs to go at the hands of the Russian people by any means possible.Thank you to @McDonalds for pulling out of Putins Russia.@ZelenskyyUa Its long past time for Putins murderous regime to end by the hands of the Russian people.@ZelenskyyUa When it comes to trusting Putin, remember Russias flagrant violation of the 1994 Budapest Memorandum.  If the West capitulates to Putin in Ukraine today, Taiwan will fall and the Iranians sprint towards a nuclear bomb.@ZelenskyyUa He is right to remind the West that if we capitulate to Putin in Ukraine this problem only gets worse.President @ZelenskyyUa presentation to the British Parliament was beyond inspiring.Trying to cut off oil dependency from a war criminal like Putin by replacing it with oil from a religious Nazi like the Ayatollah is stupid, dangerous, and tells you how much the Biden Administration is controlled by the radical Left.If we seek to replace Russian oil by buying more oil from Venezuela and Iran, that would be the height of insanity.Great. And Late..Anything less is a disservice to the Ukrainian people, the Russian people, and world order.I challenge Secretary Blinken and the Biden Administration to declare the activities of Putin and his inner circle as war crimes and have the Administration fully support the investigation and prosecution of Putin as a war criminal.It is clear to me the world would be a better place if there was regime change in Russia.  Putin is a war criminal who needs to go - at the hands of the Russian people - by any means possible.Takeaways from our call this morning with President @ZelenskyyUa  #StandWithUkraineSpeaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about Putin and Russia-Ukraine. : Fox News ChannelGod bless the brave men and women of the @BBC in Russia.  To the Russian people -- End This Madness.Now speaking with Brian @kilmeade about the latest on Ukraine-Russia. : 11:30 AM : @foxnewsradio :Speaking with Brian @kilmeade about the latest on Ukraine-Russia. : 11:30 AM : @foxnewsradio :Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!The only people who can fix this are the Russian people. Easy to say, hard to do.  Unless you want to live in darkness for the rest of your life, be isolated from the rest of the world in abject poverty, and live in darkness you need to step up to the plate.Is there a Brutus in Russia? Is there a more successful Colonel Stauffenberg in the Russian military?  The only way this ends is for somebody in Russia to take this guy out.   You would be doing your country - and the world - a great service.Joining @marthamaccallum now on @FoxNews. Tune in!Thank you to my colleagues for cosponsoring this important resolution:  @RogerMarshallMD @MartinHeinrichSpeaking momentarily at a press conference on the bipartisan Ban Russian Energy Imports Act. WATCH:Thank you to my colleagues for cosponsoring this important resolution:  @SenFeinstein @JerryMoran @marcorubio @ChuckGrassley @SenBooker @SenatorCollins @ChrisVanHollen @SenAmyKlobucharThank you to my colleagues for cosponsoring this important resolution: @ChrisCoons @SenatorCardin @SenJoniErnst @SenAngusKing @SenThomTillis @SenatorBaldwin @JohnCornynJust introduced resolution condemning the Russian Federation, Vladimir Putin, & Russian military commanders for committing flagrant acts of aggression & atrocities rising to the level of war crimes against humanity & crimes against the Ukrainian people.Russian military leaders, service members, pilots, and anyone else who carries out war crimes under Putins direction do so at their own peril.We should work with our allies, partners, and the UN to document war crimes, track Russian units involved, and release names of those responsible for these atrocities. This worked in the Balkans and I believe it will work in Ukraine.Could not agree more with British Prime Minister @BorisJohnson regarding his evaluation of Russian military actions being war crimes in Ukraine.Speaking about my resolution pushing for the investigation of Putin as a war criminal and the latest on Ukraine-Russia.  : @CBSMornings : 8:30 AMIsrael understands what its like to be a democracy facing bad guys. I treasure the Israel-U.S. relationship.Great meeting with @AmbHerzog to discuss many topics. Truly appreciate Israels support for todays UN resolution condemning Russias aggression against Ukraine. I am pleased Israel is helping Ukraine in a very robust manner.11:30 PRESS CONFERENCE  WATCH:UPDATED @RepSpartz will join to discuss resolution calling for Vladimir Putin and his regime to be held accountable for the numerous acts of war, aggression, and human rights abuses that have been conducted under his watch.  : 11:30 AM : Senate Radio-TV GalleryPress conference today on Senate resolution calling for Vladimir Putin and his regime to be held accountable for the numerous acts of war, aggression, and human rights abuses that have been conducted under his watch.  : 11:30 AM : Senate Radio-TV GalleryUnfortunately, the state of our union is not good.With all due respect to President Biden, were not going to be okay unless we adjust our policies.  Were not going to be okay unless we change course on the border, return to energy independence, retake our streets from criminals, and show stronger resolve in the face of evil.This is not a difficult decision. Increase American oil and gas production to help with energy inflation at home. Hit Putins oil and gas sector hard with sanctions. Why we do not do this as a nation is mind-boggling.Senator Manchin is spot-on when he says we need to increase U.S. energy production including reopening the Keystone Pipeline.There are two things the Biden Administration needs to do now:Very pleased to hear the Ukrainian Ambassador to the U.S. will attend tonights State of the Union.It is clear to me that Putin is about to go scorched-earth in Ukraine. We need to do everything we can to help Ukraine fight back against Russia.Now is the time for all who believe in democracy and freedom to step up to the plate, including Israel.Very glad to see Israel will be supporting the UN resolution against Putins destruction of Ukraine.  I was very disappointed to hear yesterday that Israel turned down a request to supply the Ukrainian military with Stinger missiles.So very sorry to hear of the passing of Richard Dick Blum, the beloved husband of Senator Feinstein. I know this is a difficult time for Dianne and her lovely family they all will be in my prayers.Speaking with @JesseBWatters in just a few minutes on @FoxNews.WATCH:Speaking now with SC media on Ukraine.  WATCH:Speaking with @TGowdySC on @FoxNews in just a few minutes about #Ukraine and the Supreme Court nomination.The entire economy of Russia depends on the oil and gas sector.  How about this idea?  Shut it off. Don't buy Russian oil and gas.  Produce more American oil and gas.The single best thing we could do to stop the oil and gas sector in Russia from thriving is increase oil and gas production in America.We should have as much will to produce American oil and gas to help our economy and our allies......as the Ukrainians do to stand up to a Russian tank!Our war is NOT with the Russian people.  However, as long as Putin is their leader, Russians will have no place in this world.  They won't be able to achieve their dreams and will live in abject poverty and misery.  They need to get rid of this guy.  #StandWithUkraineIm in awe of the Ukrainian people.  I have never seen a leader rise to the occasion more than President @ZelenskyyUa has done.  Im in awe of the men and women of Ukraine who are willing to die for their freedom. I proudly #StandWithUkraine.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade tonight at 8:00 pm on Fox News.Glad to see the Biden Administration sanctioning Putin and Foreign Minister Lavrov as individuals.  We should have a laser-like focus in going after their assets and labeling them war criminals because that is what they are.@SenTomCotton Congress needs to be ALL IN when it comes to helping provide military and humanitarian aid to Ukraine as they stand up to the war criminal Putin.  We cannot accept handwringing by Congress.Just spoke to @SenTomCotton about the necessity of an emergency supplemental next week to send weapons and humanitarian aid into Ukraine and support their valiant fight for freedom.Its a bad time to go from energy INDEPENDENCE in the United States to energy DEPENDENCE on foreign war criminals.  Unfortunately, we are at this point because of a series of bad choice made by the Biden Administration.As for the United States, protect the American people from consequences of energy being used as a weapon by despots.   Open up abundant oil and gas fields.  Build pipelines in the US to lower our energy costs.  Help our friends and allies with their energy needs.When it comes to energy policy by European democracies:   Dont make yourself dependent on war criminals for your oil and gas.   Dont shut down clean energy nuclear power plants as you become more reliant on dictator oil and gas.I stand ready to meet any request from Ukraine for more sophisticated and lethal weapons to defend their nation from Russian invasion.  I hear their cries for weaponry support and am disappointed by the weak response from the Biden Administration.Now is the time for the West to hit Putin even harder with sanctions and provide more lethal aid to Ukraine.  Putin is a war criminal.  The Russian people need to understand that with Putin as their leader, Russia has a very dark future.Putins suggestion to negotiate on terms of Ukraine basically being a puppet state of Russia tells me that the Ukrainians are putting up one helluva fight.I expect a respectful but interesting hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  The Harvard-Yale train to the Supreme Court continues to run unabated.If media reports are accurate, and Judge Jackson has been chosen as the Supreme Court nominee to replace Justice Breyer, it means the radical Left has won President Biden over yet again. The attacks by the Left on Judge Childs from South Carolina apparently worked.The only language Putin understands is strength.Putin and his inner circle live large all over the world. It is past time for democracies to bring him to account.  Not giving clarity to Putin about what would happen if he invaded Ukraine was a mistake. Not going after him personally is an even bigger mistake.The Biden Administration continues to misread the moment.  We should not be seeking permission from allies to go after Putin and his cronies.  We should move ahead forcefully against Putin, a war criminal, and demand our allies join us!Look forward to working in Congress with Republicans and Democrats to pass an emergency supplemental to help Ukraine.  How we deal with Putin determines what happens in other regions like Asia and the Middle East.When it comes to sanctions against Putin If we are NOT doing everything possible, we are NOT doing enough.  Time is NOT on our side.If we do not treat Putin and his cronies as the war criminals they are, we will be making a huge mistake and sending the wrong message to other bad actors around the world.In addition, we should create a task force to aggressively pursue Putin and his inner circle regarding the extravagant lifestyle they have become accustomed to after stealing Russia blind.I informed the Deputy Secretary there is broad bipartisan support for an emergency supplemental to include aid to the Ukrainian people and Ukrainian military.It is important Congress unite to punish and crush Putin and his cronies.  Not only will this help prevent further damage in Europe, but it will discourage other bad actors from going down the same road.Just spoke with Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman about the Biden Administrations plans to push back against the Russian invasion of Ukraine.Speaking with @FoxNews in just a few minutes.Putin and his cronies should be pursued by international law enforcement agencies for the purpose of seizing their lavish apartments, fine art, yachts, and other material goods purchased through stealing the Russian people blind. It's time to make this personal to Putin.Our prayers are with #Ukraine. Imperative that we continue to provide Ukraine with defensive weapons as well as good intelligence.  The world needs to condemn Putins destruction of a neighboring democracy as a war crime.Speaking with @JesseBWatters at 7:05 pm. Tune in!Initial responses by the Biden Administration and our Western allies have been inadequate.All the while, Russia rolls forward. Lets quickly up our game.Why are we holding back massive sanctions such as expelling Russia from SWIFT? Or aggressively sanctioning the Russian oil and gas sector?It is clear Russia intends to destroy Ukrainian democracy. There should be an aggressive response to recent cyber-attacks against the Ukrainian government.I will continue to try to work with the Biden Administration and Senate Democrats to create crippling sanctions for Putins invasion.  However, at every turn it seems Biden Administration is being caught flat-footed.  This must change.This is a critical moment in history..and President Biden is NOT seizing the moment.  The sanctions outlined are woefully inadequate to deter Putins efforts to redraw the European map and dismember a neighboring democracy.WATCH:WATCH:Speaking now with SC media on the Ukraine-Russia situation.  WATCH:I'll be speaking with #AmericasNewsroom this morning at 10:30 am about the latest on Ukraine-Russia.One of the dangerous consequences of weakness in the face of aggression.Who doubts - in light of Putins aggression - that if they had to do it over again Ukraine never would have given up their nuclear weapons?  I can only imagine the number of nations thinking right now that having a nuclear weapon is a good thing to have.The truth of the matter is the Russian economy is smaller than that of Italy, overly dependent on oil and gas revenue, and is both internally and externally weak.  The Russians have a pair of twos while the West has a Full House.   However, it is the West that is folding.It is long past time for all the Russian oligarchs Putins partners in crime to lose their yachts, luxury apartments, and their assets.  That would be a good beginning on the long journey to push back against Putin and his misadventures.I stand ready, willing and able to work with the Biden Administration to impose the most crushing sanctions possible on the Russian economy.  The question is whether the Biden Administration has the will and determination to do so.Putin is making the case for the reconstitution of the Soviet Union/Russian Empire because he believes he can get away with it.  Its clear that after the debacle in Afghanistan, every thuggish figure on the planet is licking their chops, including the Iranians and the Chinese.If one ever had any doubt about Putins ambitions, todays speech should remove all doubts.His decision should immediately be met with forceful sanctions to destroy the ruble and crush the Russian oil and gas sector.Putins decision to declare eastern Donetsk and Luhansk as independent regions within Ukraine is both a violation of the Minsk Agreements and a declaration of war against the people of Ukraine.When it comes to thugs like Putin disrupting world order and destroying democracies - enough is enough.Instead of announcing crushing sanctions in detail as the President of Ukraine suggested, western powers are responding to Putins unending provocations making it unnervingly clear that Russia is in complete control of the outcome regarding Ukraine.  Very dangerous.Putin is playing the West like a fiddle.@BorisJohnson The Prime Minister is determined to make sure that the UK is in the camp of punishing Putin in the strongest possible way to ensure world order.  We share the view that what happens in Ukraine will be a signal for better or worse to bad actors around the world.Great meeting with my good friend, Prime Minister @BorisJohnson who is one of the leading conservative voices in the world.  The US-UK relationship remains foundational to our foreign policy and who we are as a people.I urge my Democratic and Republican colleagues to announce as soon as possible a sanctions regime against Russias aggression for the whole world to see.  It must be tough and must be done soon.I could not agree more with his assessment that we should put pre-invasion sanctions in place now so Putin can see for himself the consequences of his actions.  Without clarity, Putin will assume weakness.One of the most impressive speeches ever given at the #MSC, or anywhere, was given by President Zelensky of Ukraine.  He laid out, in no uncertain terms, the price of appeasement and reaffirmed his nations determination to defend freedom.We should all pray for our friends in Ukraine and provide them the capability to fight for their freedom. Putin and his cronies must pay a heavy price through economic sanctions from Hell. #MSC2022Im confident that the Ukrainian people will fight, even against overwhelming odds, for their freedom.If Putin is allowed to dismember the emerging Ukrainian democracy without consequence, we will pay a price. This is a time of testing as all the bad guys China, Iran, North Korea are watching.Great meeting with the Mayor of Kyiv, a staunch friend of the United States and a true fighter.The Duma is calling for independent status of areas of Ukraine which further dismembers the nation. I hope that the Biden Administration will firmly respond to this outrage.If you are wondering what Russia is up to in Ukraine, the Duma is giving a pretty clear signal.I can only imagine what the Mainstream Media would be saying if the shoe were on the other foot!Court filings by Special Counsel Durham suggesting the Clinton campaign may have engaged in an orchestrated effort to infiltrate the Trump campaign are unacceptable and should not be swept under the rug.The Russians have a pair of 2s and the western world has a Full House, but we are afraid to play our cards.The Biden Administrations Dancing to Putins Tune is getting old. Stop yelling the Sky is Falling.  Take proactive actions against the Russian economy which is the size of Italy and totally dependent on oil and gas.Speaking with @ThisWeekABC from Jerusalem in just a few minutes.  Tune in!Im very proud of Jimmy and his beautiful family. I know his old man is beaming. Also, great to spend time with Cindy and witness this graduation ceremony. America and the U.S. Army are in good hands. A very impressive class!Honored to be able to attend Jimmy McCains graduation from OCS at @FortBenning.  Jimmys an extraordinary young man and along with his classmates is the newest Second Lieutenant of the @USArmy.Hit Putin and his cronies now with crippling sanctions for the provocation against Ukraine and set in motion the destruction of the Russian oil and gas economy. That is the only thing that will move Putin.To the Biden Administration: Stop ringing the alarm bell regarding Russias potential invasion of Ukraine and start crushing the ruble.Press conference on EARN IT ACT has started. WATCH:About to discuss legislation I introduced with @SenBlumenthal - the EARN IT ACT - which passed the Senate Judiciary Committee today. WATCH:The days of sexual harassment and sexual assault cases being buried in unfair arbitration clauses are now over.Press conference starting. WATCH:Press conference on Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act starting momentarily. WATCH:Speaking on the Senate floor in support of Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act.  WATCH:@SenGillibrand We first introduced the bill in 2017, and it has since enjoyed strong support from Majority Leader Schumer, as well as from Judiciary Chair Durbin and Ranking Member Grassley.  The Senate Judiciary Committee passed the bill unanimously this past fall.@SenGillibrand In addition to ending the practice, the legislation will also invalidate existing forced arbitration clauses that prevent sexual assault and sexual harassment survivors from seeking justice and public accountability under the laws meant to protect them.@SenGillibrand The bipartisan legislation will prevent perpetrators from being able to push survivors of sexual harassment and sexual assault into the secretive, biased process of forced arbitration.Speaking on the Senate floor at 10:45 AM about passage of legislation I introduced with @SenGillibrand - Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act.  WATCH:Speaking with @BretBaier in just a few minutes on #SpecialReport.You've got a witness that can't answer the question: 'Would Al Qaeda and ISIS strike the American people if they could?'  Of course they would.Graham: Do you believe if al-Qaeda and ISIS had the ability they would strike America today or tomorrow if they could? Witness: The reason Im having a hard time answering that with a 'Yes or No' answer is.. Graham: That's all I need to know.  WATCH:About to question the witnesses on the legality of drone strikes against terror targets in the Senate Judiciary Committee. WATCH:Wouldn't it be something if the first African-American woman on the Supreme Court was a South Carolinian.Defund the Police? Never. I just met with Sheriff Kevin Tolson and Sheriff Brian Wallace about how we can work to help the police and their families.  They protect us and our communities.We need to work to protect them.I fear that if we do not adjust our policies soon regarding Afghanistan and the southern border, a major terrorist threat is in the making. I will continue to speak out and work to address these matters.President Biden has never been to the southern border, and it is past time he go. He should see the disaster he has created with his own eyes.While President Biden deserves credit for approving this counterterrorism raid in Syria, our southern border and the debacle in Afghanistan remain unaddressed and present credible national security threats to our nation.Unfortunately, the Biden Administration is deaf, dumb & blind when it comes to the growing radical Islamic threats emerging from Afghanistan and how a completely porous and unsecured southern border presents an opportunity for terrorism to make its way back to the United States.This operation again shows why forward-deployed American forces, working with allies and partners on the ground, must continue to exist in troubled regions. It is imperative we hit them before they hit us.I really appreciate the counterterrorism operation authorized by President Biden and conducted in northwest Syria to kill Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurayshi. I applaud the efforts of those involved who killed a vicious terrorist who threatened our nation and the world at large.Great fellowship today with my colleagues @SenatorTimScott and @WhipClyburn.  Very proud of who we are in South Carolina.  Smiling Faces, Beautiful Places!Sending additional forces is the right signal, and over time more may be warranted.I completely support the Biden Administrations decision to send more U.S. troops to bolster NATO allies in the face of Russian aggression. It is imperative that NATO meet the moment and that we stand firmly against Putins efforts to divide the alliance.My thoughts and prayers are with @SenatorLujan and his family. Praying for a speedy recovery.There are a lot of mysteries and unanswered questions in this world. However, as to who is the GOAT in pro football, there is no mystery: @TomBrady by multiple touchdowns. Well done, Tom!Speaking with @margbrennan this morning on @FaceTheNation about the latest on Ukraine-Russia and the upcoming Supreme Court nomination.Letting a person accused of shooting a police officer out on $250,000 bail reinforces the narrative we do not value police officers lives. The craziness needs to end.Wonder why there is such a spike in violent crimes against police officers? This decision in New York is Exhibit A.If Republicans take back the Senate, we need a full accounting of the secret flights and transportation costs to release illegal immigrants throughout the country as well as how many are actually being released.Recent footage in New York showing planeloads of illegal immigrants being released in the middle of the night is both stunning and dangerous.Elections have consequences, and that is most evident when it comes to fulfilling vacancies on the Supreme Court.As to his replacement: If all Democrats hang together which I expect they will they have the power to replace Justice Breyer in 2022 without one Republican vote in support.Justice Breyer has always shown great respect for the institution and his colleagues, and I wish him well in the next phase of his life.I appreciate Justice Breyers service to our nation. He has always been a scholar and a gentleman whose record on the Supreme Court is solidly in the liberal camp.Joining @AmericaNewsroom on @FoxNews at 10:00am. Tune in!Ill be speaking on @newsmax in just a few minutes.  WATCH:Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 pm. Tune in!Sen. Graham on 'Kilmeade Show': Biden has been a 'wrecking ball' on national security his whole careerJoining the Brian @Kilmeade Show on @foxnewsradio now.  LISTEN:Speaking with @seanhannity tonight on @FoxNews about the Biden Administration's handling of Ukraine/Russia situation.  Tune in!Its equally clear that if he believes this has been a successful first year as President (exceeding expectations) then failure has no meaning.  Very scary.It was hard to fully absorb everything that was said at President Bidens press conference yesterday.  Two Takeaways:  It is clear to me that if he does not regret the Afghan pullout, he is missing a lot.History will judge Senator Schumer and his colleagues harshly for their efforts to destroy the traditional structure of the Senate.I am pleased we beat back an effort to fundamentally change the structure of the United States Senate.  However, I fear tonight was the beginning of the end of the Senate being the legislative body that stands in the way of radical change by either party.We just beat back one of the most radical efforts in the history of the United States Senate.. #FILIBUSTEROutstanding job by @LeaderMcConnell opposing Senator Schumer's efforts to destroy the Senate and turn it into the House.  Well done Mitch!Governor @henrymcmaster has laid out a bold vision for our state - one that focuses on teamwork, educating future generations, and leading in a competitive global economy.  Under Henry's leadership, South Carolina is prospering, and our future is bright!Ive shown a willingness to work with him and others when it makes sense, but Ive seen very little opportunity to do so during the Biden presidency.  So sad.President Biden is right I am an obstructionist when it comes to stopping the most radical agenda in the history of the country.On Ukraine, President Biden's statements are unnerving. He would be better off not speaking. People in #Ukraine have to be stunned by what he just said.  I'm stunned by it too.I am certain the decision by Senator Kelly will be part of the debate in Arizona over the next year.I appreciate Senators Sinema and Manchin for realizing that the legislative filibuster makes the Senate special.  When I was in their shoes, I acted in the same manner to maintain the filibuster and deny many in my party the ability to have it all.It prevents wild swings in policy and requires collaboration to pass major legislation. The election law debate is phony and a blatant attempt by the Left to federalize elections to make it easier to cheat.Very disappointed to hear Senator Mark Kelly will join the radical Left Senate Dems ready to destroy the legislative filibuster in the U.S. Senate.  The legislative filibuster makes the Senate different than the House.Great news from BMW they have set yet another production record in 2021 with over 433,000 vehicles produced during the year. BMW knows South Carolina is a great place to do business!Ill be joining @MorningsMaria on @FoxBusiness at 8:10am. Tune in!Let us continue to honor Dr. Kings legacy and works both today and in the days to come.Dr. King was a true fighter for social justice who believed in the potential of America.  His vision for our nation was best summed up by his quote We may have all come on different ships but were in the same boat now.This statement by the FBI seems ill-conceived and ill-timed.  I look forward to further explanation from the FBI.I hope the FBI will reconsider the statement because it is well known that at her trial Siddiqui, also known as Lady al-Qaeda, was a raging anti-Semite who demanded that jurors be genetically tested for Jewish blood.Apparently the FBI believes the hostage taker randomly selected a synagogue to demand the release of al-Qaeda operative and facilitator Aafia Siddiqui.It is very disturbing to hear from the FBI they do not believe the hostage takers demands had anything to do with the Jewish faith.Speaking with @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 pm on @FoxNews. Tune in!The Biden Administration should suspend nuclear talks with the Iranians in protest of this action. If it is left unaddressed it will be an incredible sign of weakness and incitement of further aggression by bad actors throughout the world.While it is true the Ayatollah and his henchmen say crazy things, this video is not saying something crazy it is an open and direct threat to President Trump.The White House spokespersons response when asked was incredibly inappropriate for the gravity of the situation, and the Biden Administration needs to quickly correct.Cannot believe that the Biden Administration is so dismissive of the Iranian video suggesting the assasination of President Trump by drones.The proper response, in my view, is to suspend all negotiations with the Iranians over this outrage.  If we dont, the Iranians and everyone else in the region will take this as a tremendous sign of weakness.I cannot believe a video produced under the authority of the Iranian Ayatollah openly threatening to kill President Trump has gone unanswered by the Biden Administration.  This has to be immediately corrected.In case you were wondering who we are dealing with when it comes to the Iranians this video says all you need to know.Until Putin and his cronies feel the pain, hes not gonna change.I know this is difficult for our German allies, but now is not the time to enter into a business relationship with Putin that will increase his wealth exponentially and force Europe to become more reliant on Russian energy.I completely support @SenTedCruzs proposal to sanction those responsible for planning, constructing or operating the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.This pipeline serves to only enrich Putin.Speaking with @SandraSmithFox and @johnrobertsFox on @FoxNews at 2:30 pm today. Tune in!Well said Herschel!  Spot on.The good news is they will have several weeks of early voting under the new Georgia election law!Bidens polices are overwhelmingly being rejected by the people of Georgia and across America.   My hope is that Georgians who are fed up with radical liberalism, represented by the Biden Administration and Stacey Abrams, will NOT be TOO BUSY to vote this November.If I were a Democrat in Georgia aspiring to run for public office in 2022 I would make sure I was TOO BUSY to appear with President Biden as well.NOW speaking on the Senate floor about Senate Democrats plan for a federal takeover of state election systems and their push to eliminate the Senate filibuster.  WATCH:Will be speaking on the Senate floor in just a few minutes about Senate Democrats plan for a federal takeover of state election systems and their push to eliminate the Senate filibuster.  WATCH:What a magical time for our friends and neighbors in Georgia.  @Braves win the World Series.  #GoDawgs wins the CFP National Championship.  Well deserved. Enjoy.  Go Braves. Go Dawgs. #RunHerschelRunThis effort by liberal Democrats to take power away from states to run elections is not about enfranchising voters it's about shifting power to the advantage of the liberal Democratic agenda.WATCH:Speaking now in Greenville about Senate Democrats plan for a federal takeover of state election systems and push to eliminate the Senate filibuster. WATCH:@SenRonJohnson Ron Johnsons decision to run is great news for the conservative cause and the people of Wisconsin.Great news that @SenRonJohnson will be seeking reelection.   The radical Left hates Ron because hes tenacious and has a desire to limit federal government powers, control spending, and investigate corruption at all levels.This decision is good news for all those who appreciate practical and strong conservative leadership.Very pleased to hear my good friend @SenJohnThune will be seeking re-election in South Dakota.  John has been an exceptional Whip for the Republican conference, a reliable conservative, and a strong voice for the people of South Dakota.I believe that Senator Isakson was the gold standard for a U.S. Senator. My thoughts and prayers are with his beautiful, wonderful family. Rest in peace, my good friend.I was honored to be able to attend todays memorial service for Senator Johnny Isakson. It was an amazing celebration of a great mans well-lived life. All who spoke did Johnny proud.The Biden Administration seems to be incapable of dealing with the challenges America faces, and their efforts to politicize January 6 will fall flat.The Biden Presidency, one year after January 6, is in free fall not because of the attack on our Capitol, but because of failed policies and weak leadership.The so-called voting rights acts they are pushing are a liberal Democrat federal takeover of our election systems which constitutionally reside with the states.Their brazen attempts to use January 6 to support radical election reform and changing the rules of the Senate to accomplish this goal, will not succeed.Finally, President Biden and Vice President Harriss speeches today were an effort to resurrect a failed presidency more than marking the anniversary of a dark day in American history.We owe a great debt of gratitude and appreciation to the Capitol Police officers who bravely risked their lives to protect the Capitol.  They were placed in a terrible position, without adequate reinforcements, but did their best to protect an overwhelmed Capitol.Those responsible for Capitol security including our political leaders must also be held accountable.  We still do not know who planted pipe bombs on Capitol Hill the night of Jan 5. We still do not know why our Capitol was not adequately defended before President Trump spoke.I hold the same views of those who attacked the federal courthouse in Portland, Oregon and committed other acts of violence throughout our nation.Those who defiled the Capitol on January 6 are being prosecuted, as they should be.  I have consistently condemned the attack and have urged that those involved be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.Regardless of the reason for the assault on the Capitol, to lose control in such a fashion twenty years after 9/11 is stunning.I still cannot believe a mob was able to take over the United States Capitol during such a pivotal moment certifying a presidential election.  It would have been so easy for terrorists to boot strap onto this protest and wreak even further destruction on the U.S. Capitol.What brazen politicization of January 6 by President Biden.  I wonder if the Taliban who now rule Afghanistan with al-Qaeda elements present, contrary to President Bidens beliefs, are allowing this speech to be carried?All of us who had the pleasure and privilege of knowing Tom Greene are much better from the experience.My thoughts and prayers are with his wonderful family and friends.I was very sad to hear of the passing of my good friend and the former Mayor of North Augusta, Tom Greene.Tom was one of the nicest and most dedicated public servants I have ever known.He was a true friend who loved North Augusta.Joining Pete Hegseth on Hannity at 9:20PM to discuss whats to come in 2022 tune in to @FoxNews!Speaking with @ericbolling on @newsmax in just a few minutes.  WATCH:Harry worked hard, fought hard, & gave his all as Democratic leader and longtime senator for the state of Nevada. He earned the respect of his colleagues, had a notable legacy of accomplishments, and led a well-lived life. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends.Harry was passionate about his political causes and would always try to help every Senator where he could for the benefit of their state. I will always appreciate Senator Reids help for keeping funding for the Port of Charleston alive at a critical time.Very sad to hear of the passing of Senator Harry Reid from Nevada.Merry Christmas to you and your family!I couldnt agree more with @LeaderMcConnell. I hope my good friend @SenJohnThune seeks re-election.  Hes a valuable member of the Republican Party and the Senate as a whole and a tireless advocate for the people of South Dakota.Joining @kilmeade on @FoxNews shortly. Tune in!The White Houses lame attempts to attack CBO and Senator Manchin to hide the devastating impact of Build Back Better is not working and will not work.The true cost of Build Back Better $5 trillion over 10 years, not $1.75 trillion is the wrong medicine to address the ills of the nations economy.The CBO analysis is not fake and Build Back Better without budget gimmicks will add $3 trillion to the deficit. Additionally the Green New Deal provisions in Build Back Better would dramatically increase energy costs, adding to inflation.The White House statement attacking Senator Manchin for deciding to vote no regarding Build Back Better isBaghdad Boblaughable. The White House continues to repeat the lie that Build Back Better is fully paid for.Weve lost a giant who made a big difference over a well-lived life. My thoughts and prayers are with his beautiful wife and loving family.In my view he represented the gold standard of being a United States Senator and gave his heart and soul to the people of Georgia and the United States.Very sad to hear of the passing of my dear friend Senator Johnny Isakson from Georgia.  Johnny is now healed and in the care of a loving God.It is now time for Congress to focus on roaring inflation, particularly in the energy sector, as well as a broken supply chain, and potential threats coming from the new COVID-19 variant.The CBO analysis of Build Back Better definitively determined without program sunsets, it would add $3 trillion to the debt and would cost $5 trillion over 10 years, which would have a detrimental effect on our current inflation problem.The CBO analysis confirmed Senator Manchins worst fears about Build Back Better. He has always stated that he will not support a bill full of gimmicks, a bill that added to the debt or a bill that made inflation worse.Im also appreciative of CBOs response to my and Congressman Smiths request to score the bill without sunsets which are in fact budget gimmicks.I very much appreciate Senator Manchins decision not to support Build Back Better, which stems from his understanding of the Congressional Budget Offices analysis of the bill.Speaking with @JudgeJeanine in just a few minutes on @Foxnews. Tune in!If members of NATO give in and Putin gets away with this heavy-handed approach, it will set in motion dire consequences throughout the world China is watching.I hope NATO and the freedom-loving world will not let Putin dictate the membership of the organization.If you want to vote in South Carolina you can. Our elections are open, safe, and secure.  The last thing South Carolina needs is a federal takeover of our state election system driven by the most liberal people in the country.Always glad to have the President visit South Carolina.  However, I do not agree with Democratic efforts to federalize state elections.  In 2020 South Carolina had historic turnout.STARTING SOON  11:00 AM press conference on #BuildBackBetter. WATCH:Will be joined by House Budget Committee Ranking Member @RepJasonSmith at a press conference this morning on the Democrats Reckless Tax and Spend bill #BuildBackBetter. Today 11:00 am Senate Radio-TV GallerySpeaking with @seanhannity about the latest on #BuildBackBetter how it will drive inflation higher and add trillions in debt.  Tune in to @FoxNews.Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on @foxnews. Tune in!Find it amusing that liberal @PolitiFact believes it is more reliable than CBO when it comes to scoring #BuildBackBetter. I dont believe Senator Manchin will choose Politifacts analysis over CBOs. Nice try libs.We appreciate all the work Ms. Jolie has done and her dedication to help the long-suffering Afghan people.We will be working with our colleagues and Administration officials to develop a coordinated U.S. response, hopefully in conjunction with the international community, to help the Afghan people through this winter and beyond.@SenatorShaheen and I had a very productive meeting today with Angelina Jolie regarding the plight of Afghan women and religious minorities. Our nation and the international community need to work together to avoid a humanitarian disaster in Afghanistan.It will not work because Americans and honorable people around the world will continue to call on the Administration to fulfill its commitment to help those who helped us in difficult times.If we abandon those who fought bravely along our side against radical Islam, who will help us in the future?  What a sad state of affairs. This is the best evidence yet that the Biden Administration is trying to wash their hands of the debacle they created in Afghanistan.Expressing concern about Americans and our Afghan allies living in fear of the Afghan Taliban is not the same as tracking Americans abroad helping those we left behind is the only action that a nation who believes in honor can take.Her answer was not very reassuring to the families whose loved ones are trapped behind enemy lines under Afghan Taliban terrorists control because of the incompetence of the Biden Administration.When you think it cant get any worse from the Biden Administration it does.  White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki responded to a question about stranded American citizens in Afghanistan by noting that the United States doesnt track Americans abroad.We have worked in a bipartisan fashion to deal with COVID, but the Democrats are now on a spending spree that will create a government unsustainable in terms of size and cost. I hope voters remember when they go to the polls in 2022.The Democrats have decided to raise the debt ceiling by $2.5 trillion. Their desire to continue to grow the government is a march towards a socialist America.He was one of my earliest supporters, and I will always appreciate what Henry and his family have done for me. My thoughts and prayers are with the Harrison family. May this good man rest in peace.Very sorry to hear of the passing of my good friend Henry Harrison. Henry was an outstanding member and leader of the State Highway Patrol and an incredible entrepreneur.Theres nothing anyone can say or do that will dissuade the radical Left from supporting Build Back Better. However, rational Democrats can reject the radical Lefts interpretation of the CBO score and the false promises of Build Back Better. Time will tell.Working families are getting crushed by runaway inflation. Build Back Better only makes their problems worse.With all due respect to Congresswoman Jayapal, chair of the Progressive Caucus: The CBO score exposes the fraud in Build Back Better. It is not outdated. Instead it is inconvenient for the hopes and dreams of the Left.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:10 pm on @foxnews about #BuildBackBetter. Tune in!I stand ready to help those affectedas South Carolina has unfortunately been on the receiving end of many natural disasters. God bless all those impacted by these terrible storms.Sad and tragic to see the death toll climb for our friends in Kentucky and other states hard hit by weekend tornadoes.Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:05 pm about the stunning CBO analysis of #BuildBackBetterAct.  CBO estimated #BBB would increase the federal deficit by $3 trillion over 10 years if all of the included provisions were made permanent.  LISTEN:Chris will be missed.  He should be proud of what he and his team have accomplished at @FoxNewsSunday.Shocked to hear that Chris Wallace is leaving #FoxNewsSunday.  I have thoroughly enjoyed my time on the show.   Chris challenged everyone fairly and tried to give his viewers the best information to evaluate issues.Graham warns Build Back Better 'spending orgy' is 'paving a path to socialism'Inflation and #BuildBackBetter are twin daggers aimed at the heart of the American economy.Press conference has started. WATCH LIVE:Press conference will begin in just a few minutes.  WATCH:Press conference has been pushed back to 12:15 pm.Press conference on CBO providing the true costs of the #BBB over ten years.  It's more than 2X the original costs and the effect on the deficit is 8X. LIVESTREAM at 11:45 AM:I very much appreciate CBO scoring Build Back Better without budget gimmicks.  We all know that the new provisions will not sunset they never do.Were calling on the Democratic Party to shelve Build Back Better to give the American consumer and economy breathing room to recover.The true cost of the bill has more than doubled and the effect on the deficit is eightfold.  This score should stop the effort to pass Build Back Better in its tracks because it will dramatically expand government and do great harm to energy production.CBO has provided a true cost of the bill over ten years assuming the programs never go away  which they will not.  Their analysis is stunning! #BBBJust received new CBO analysis on Build Back Better without budget gimmicks.  Wow! Stay tuned.......Press conference today at 11:45 AM on the Congressional Budget Offices (CBO) ten-year analysis of certain provisions in the Democrats Reckless Tax and Spend bill. LOCATION: Senate Radio-TV GalleryTrue!Speaking on the Senate floor about efforts to evacuate American citizens, lawful permanent residents, and at-risk Afghan allies who face significant, imminent danger if they remain in Afghanistan.  WATCH:At 12 Noon will be speaking in the Senate with Senators Blumenthal and Ernst about efforts to evacuate American citizens, lawful permanent residents, and at-risk Afghan allies who face significant, imminent danger if they remain in Afghanistan.  WATCH:All the speakers did a terrific job of capturing Bobs life.  It was very moving to see the love in the eyes of Elizabeth Dole for her beloved husband.  Lying in state is the least our nation can do to honor Senator Dole.What a beautiful and appropriate Capitol ceremony honoring the amazing life of Senator Robert Dole.  Every corner of the political spectrum respected Bob for his strength, wisdom, intelligence, kindness and humor.No president or government agency has the singular ability to impose an economy-wide mandate of this nature. If there are to be mandates they need to be passed through Congress in the form of the law, not a regulation.The Biden Administration's vaccine mandate is clearly unconstitutional.  That is why I voted to overturn it tonight in the Senate.Speaking on the Senate floor in a few minutes. WATCH:Speaking with Larry Kudlow on @FoxBusiness today at 4:00 pm about Ukraine and Russia, China and Taiwan, and more. Tune in!Thomas is one of the most dedicated public servants Ive ever known and will do a great job guiding the South Carolina Senate. He is a worthy successor to Senator Harvey Peeler.Congratulations to my very good friend Senator Thomas Alexander who was just voted to be President of South Carolina Senate by his colleagues.The best way to honor them is to renew our determination to stand up to evil and be willing to sacrifice to preserve freedom at home and abroad. May we always remember those Americans who died on December 7, 1941.As we mark the 80th anniversary of the attack on #PearlHarbor let us remember the sacrifices that were made by the Greatest Generation to defeat tyranny and preserve freedom.My thoughts and prayers are with his friends, family, and colleagues.Very sad to hear of the passing of Fred Hiatt.  Ive known Fred for years and found him to be one of the most knowledgeable writers on foreign policy and many other topics.  He was a good and fair man who made a difference in life.To Elizabeth and the entire Dole clan: please know that millions of Americans have you in their prayers. Bob Dole was loved and respected, and his life was as good as it gets.Bob Dole was one of the giants of the Senate and one of the bravest of the brave. He has now reaped the benefits of a well-lived life and eternal peace in heaven.On a personal note, he was a dear friend and served as Chair of my first campaign for the Senate. He was always helpful and supportive.He was instrumental in the passage of the Americans With Disabilities Act because he understood their needs.  He led the Republican Party with honor and passion for common-sense conservatism.  He found middle ground when required for the good of our nation.As a soldier, he suffered horrendous injuries for the cause of defeating Nazi Germany.  As a political leader, he was one of the strongest voices for a strong national defense and made America a better place.Like most in his generation, Bob Dole was willing to sacrifice everything for his country.From a proud 1973 graduate of @DWDanielHigh, congratulations to the @DWDanielFB team on another state championship!  #wintodaySpeaking with @seanhannity in just a few moments about the Democrats $4 trillion spending proposal and how it will make our inflation problems even worse. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on @FoxNews. Tune in!These proposed settlements are unjust, unwise and will encourage more illegal immigration at the worst possible time.The number of migrants crossing our border illegally grows larger by the day. The Biden Administration will make the crisis even worse if they pay illegal immigrants who were lawfully detained hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars.Their proposal, which rewards illegal immigrants who broke our laws with extravagant payments of up to $450,000 per person, would be pouring gas on a raging fire along our southern border.It is clear that when it comes to using taxpayer dollars to pay illegal immigrants, the Biden Administration and Democratic Party have lost their minds.After discussions with others in his Administration, they reversed course and made it clear President Biden is now perfectly comfortable with the plan for cash payouts.In a televised question and answer, President Biden had disputed that his Administration was considering doing this and called the proposed payments garbage.According to published reports, the Biden Administration has proposed giving payments of up to $450,000 per person to illegal immigrants who broke our laws, came here illegally, and put their childrens lives at risk.Signed on to legislation, the Protect American Taxpayer Dollars from Illegal Immigration Act, to prevent federal funds from being used for payments to illegal immigrants at the expense of hardworking American taxpayers.The truth of the matter is sunsetting these programs is a budget gimmick by Democrats.  Once the gimmick is removed, the cost of the bill more than doubles.  The effect on the deficit is almost tenfold.  The Democrats plan is NOT based on reality.It is virtually unanimous that anesthesia is appropriate. Justice Sotomayor is misinformed (and that is dangerous) about how medical procedures are performed on unborn children.Why administer anesthesia to unborn children before 24 weeks if pain is not involved?  I have asked medical professionals: Would you perform medical procedures to save or improve the life of an unborn child in the 20 week period without administering anesthesia?It is well-established medical practice to provide anesthesia to the unborn child regarding medical procedures performed before 24 weeks because the nerve endings, which generate pain, are well-developed.With all due respect to Justice Sotomayor, it is not a minority of doctors who believe an unborn child can feel pain before 24 weeks.  #EmpowerWomenPromoteLifeHowever, I find the threats leveled against the Court by Democratic politicians to be inappropriate and dangerous. Threats to expand the size of the Supreme Court based on a ruling you may not agree with undermines the Rule of Law. (2/2)Today will be a consequential day in the history of the Supreme Court. To my Democratic colleagues: I will accept whatever decision the Court renders in the Mississippi abortion case whether I like it or not.  (1/2) #Dobbs #SCOTUS #EmpowerWomenPromoteLife #ModernizeOurLawMember Briefing on Dems Reckless Tax and Spend Bill WATCH LIVE:Member briefing on the Democrats Reckless Tax and Spend legislation has begun. WATCH:The @BudgetGOP will hold a member briefing on the Democrats Reckless Tax and Spend legislation today at 2:30 pm.   The briefing will include presentations from the Penn Wharton School of Business Budget Model and @BudgetHawks.  WATCH LIVE:Speaking with @TGowdySC on Sunday Night in America on @FoxNews in just a few minutes.Im very sorry to hear of the recent passing of Senator Schumers father Abe. Mr. Schumer led an incredible life WWII veteran, business owner, & devoted family man. Only in America.  My thoughts & prayers are with the Schumer family as they mourn & celebrate a well-lived life.Shocking.  South Carolina has its problems as liberal Democrats are quick to remind us, but its time Blue States take a look in the mirror.  Rarely do I say this, but a good watch from @nytimes.  Well done.Finally, the Democrats Build Back Better proposal, which recently passed the House of Representatives, will dramatically decrease domestic oil production.  Its a bad bill for American energy independence, and it will make the American oil and gas supply worse in every way.President Trump filled the reserves up with cheap oil.  President Biden is releasing millions of barrels to control skyrocketing prices, which are the direct result of his bad policy choices.The release of 50 million barrels is a Band-Aid because the root cause is the Democratic war on fossil fuel production in America.What an abuse of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve by the Biden Administration.  The program is designed to deal with national emergencies, not correct bad policy.Republicans need to offer rational alternatives and remind people that our policies work.The Democratic brand is suffering from the reality of a Biden presidency and a Democrat-controlled Congress.  When people hear Democrat, people think of high gas prices, empty shelves, broken borders, and the heartbreak of Afghanistan.Republicans need to offer rational alternatives and remind people that our policies work.The Democratic brand is suffering from the reality of a Biden presidency and a Democrat-controlled Congress.  When people hear Democrat, people think of high gas prices, empty shelves, broken borders, and the heartbreak of Afghanistan.How could this be?  People are living with the debacle of the Biden presidency and as a result, view the Trump presidency as better times.  President Trump is well-positioned for a great American comeback but he has to play his cards well.If there was ever any doubt about the viability of a Trump candidacy this polling data should remove ALL doubt.  President Trump has command of the party in a primary, and in head-to-head matchups he is leading Joe Biden.What could possibly go wrong?  And why didnt the media bring up this proposal during 2020 presidential campaign?Oddly enough, Congresswoman Tlaib has had a tough time convincing Congress to follow her lead on emptying prisons.  However, the Taliban jumped all over this idea. When they took over Afghanistan first thing they did was empty all the prisons including releasing terrorists.Under her plan we would empty Americas federal prisons of all prisoners who may be adversely affected by COVID, regardless of the crime they committed or the threat they pose to society.Congresswoman Tlaib has a radical proposal that would be an American form of Bastille Day in France.For those who think Defund the Police simply does not go far enough..I agree with President Trump that its imperative that Senate Republicans do not aid and abet the raising of the debt ceiling, which would be required to accommodate the Democrats socialist agenda.Joe Biden is trying to be the most progressive president since FDR. Biden is trying to be the progressive president that Obama was afraid to be!According to Quinnipiac poll, 34% of Americans approve of Joe Biden's handling of the economy. My question is who are these 34% and what could they possibly like?Speaking with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews today at 11:00 am. Tune in!Congrats to Councilman Rickenmann on winning a stunning victory in the Columbia Mayors race.  I look forward to working with the Mayor-elect to better the Capital City.Speaking with @ericbolling on @newsmax TV at 4:35 pm. WATCH:Speaking now on the Senate floor on the legacy of my friend Senator Hugh Leatherman. WATCH:Joe Biden is doing more to steal Christmas than The Grinch!Critical Race Theory (CRT), being pushed by the Left, is one of the most divisive things imaginable. Parents throughout the country are right to rebel.I truly believe that he is reunited with his brothers in arms and looking down on the country he loved full of pride, knowing he fought the good fight. May he Rest in Peace.His service reminds us of the cruelty of war, the determination of the American Soldier, and the sacrifices that have to be made to maintain our freedom.Hes one of the last survivors of the Bataan Death March, and with his passing one of the most consequential chapters in American history will be closing.A giant of a man has fallen and will be missed by his legions of admirers, friends, and wonderful family. Colonel Skardon is a Clemson legend and an American hero.Sen. Lindsey Graham interrogated DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas during a Senate hearing Tuesday about the number of Afghans who were vetted before being flown to the US, as well as the number of illegal immigrants released into the country.This opens the floodgates to more fraudulent asylum claims as migrants realize they will be released into the United States after making their claims, rather than having to sit in Mexico for their hearing.  A big mistake.Very disappointed to hear DHS Secretary Mayorkas today say he is committed to permanently repealing the Remain in Mexico policy.The Senate will suffer a real loss when he retires, but I do know @SenatorLeahy will run through the tape for the next year. The people of Vermont are rightly proud of his service. He has been a joy to work with, and I consider him a very good friend.We were able to direct money to impoverished regions, keep the State Department well-funded and well-protected, and remain true to our values. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I had many occasions to find common ground with Senator Leahy.As a member of the Appropriations Committee serving as Chairman and Ranking Member of the State and Foreign Operations account that funds the State Department and all developmental aid programs, it was a pleasure having Senator Leahy as my partner.Senator Pat Leahy is one of the most effective senators to ever serve in the history of the Senate. Even though I often disagree with him, he is a proud progressive and a fierce advocate for his causes and the people of Vermont.WATCH:Speaking now in Summerville about Phase III of the Berlin G. Myers Parkway improvement project.   WATCH:Senator Leatherman was a leader. He was a great friend and a kind and caring man. His leadership, mentorship, and steady hand will be missed.   My thoughts are with his wife and his family during this difficult time.  Today, South Carolina has lost a legend.Senator Leatherman loved his hometown and the Pee Dee.  He was the most effective voice for his region of the state one could have ever imagined.  He was a tireless advocate always focused on building a stronger and better future.He had a statewide perspective that served South Carolina well.  His leadership was indispensable in recruiting Boeing to South Carolina and he was a great champion of the Port of Charleston.Senator Leatherman was a giant in the South Carolina Senate.  When it came to the needs of South Carolina from the mountains to the sea and everywhere in between he was always at the forefront of breakthrough change.May God continue to bless our veterans and bless our beloved United States of America.We are an imperfect country, but the American veteran has done more for freedom and decency than any single group of people in the world.This is why we celebrate Veterans Day. It is our chance to let them know that we value and appreciate the sacrifices they make on our behalf.Those who wear the uniform of the United States truly are a force for good in the world. Members of our Armed Forces have gone all over the world not to takeland, property, or wealth but to liberate others from oppression and spread freedom.Joe Biden has been the most incompetent president in my lifetime on foreign policy. Worse than Jimmy Carter. He doesnt understand the nature of the war on terrorism.Happy birthday to the @USMC! Pound for pound, the best fighting force in the history of the world. God bless and Semper Fi.Speaking with @DanaPerino on @FoxNews now. Tune in!I will do everything in my power to convince colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject this extreme nominee.Gigi Sohn is a complete political ideologue who has disdain for conservatives. She would be a complete nightmare for the country when it comes to regulating the public airwaves.While I have been deferential to all presidents when it comes to picking their team, I have also pushed back on unqualified nominees and hacks.The sad truth is Schiff and every other Democrat, the mainstream media, and the Crossfire Hurricane investigators, wanted it to be TRUE. There were plenty of STOP signs when it came the Russian dossier.  They ran them all!Adam Schiff says he didnt know Christopher Steele was lied to when it came to the Russian dossier.  If thats the case he should not have spread it like it was the Gospel.Very sorry to hear about the passing of Senator Max Cleland of Georgia.He lived an inspiring life dedicated to the people of Georgia and the nation.May he Rest in Peace.Makes about as much as sense as believing @CNN is the The Most Trusted Name in News  49% saying they would back the Democrat in their district in next year's midterms and 44% the Republican.Great read.This socialist spending package is throwing gas on an inflation fire.The @Wharton School went through the games and gimmicks in the Democrats spending bill and found out its really more like $4 TRILLION.There are 2 voices in Nancy Pelosis ear:  One is The Squad saying you better pass this bill and socialist agenda for America or we will turn on you.  The other is the people from VA, PA, Minneapolis and Buffalo saying we have had enough of this big government liberalism.This train is moving so fast in the House.  They have blown by hearings and they have blown by bipartisan markups.  They dont even have a score from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), which is required in the Senate.This reconciliation bill is a fraud.  Its going to be pouring gasoline on the inflation problems we have in the country and it rewards special interests at the expense of the public.The coyotes, human traffickers, and drug cartels will applaud this reversal from President Biden.  Great for their business interests, but terrible for America and our immigration problems.Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on Fox News about the arrest of Igor Danchenko and the Democrats reckless tax and spend bill. Tune in!@WinsomeSears The Lt. Governor-elect is a Marine Corps veteran, a proud Second Amendment supporter, and believes in the power of parents when it comes to their childrens education.  Her life story of living the American Dream is an inspiration.Liberals and the mainstream media do not like to talk about Virginia Lt. Governor-elect @WinsomeSears, a conservative African American Republican.   Her historic victory undercuts their narrative the Virginia election was about race not values.Press conference has begun. WATCH NOW:I will hold a press conference this morning to discuss the Democrats Reckless Tax and Spend bill. 10:30 AM Senate Radio-TV GalleryThe Senate Judiciary committee is discussing legislation I introduced with Senator Gillibrand: Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act of 2021. WATCH:Did the thumping Democrats took in Virginia and across the country have anything to do with todays bold statement?  Of course it did!President Biden now claims that efforts to give illegal immigrants a $450,000 per person settlement for border separation is garbage. Why did it take so long for the White House to say that?In case you have any doubts about life under theAfghanTaliban and radical Islam, this story is a must-see. To believethatthese conditions will notbreed extremism andcome back to haunt usis beyond nave.In Georgia, @HerschelWalker is the perfect candidate in the Senate race, and Bidens approval has tanked in North Carolina making a Democratic Senate seat pickup an uphill battle.More great news in Virginia for the GOP.  The same voting dynamics we saw in Virginia exist in states like Georgia and North Carolina.  Bidens standing in states like Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia are overlays of one other.There has to be comfort knowing that Jean is now well and in the hands of a loving God. God bless the Rounds family.Im so very sorry and sad to hear of the passing of Jean Rounds, one of the most likable people Ive ever known. To Mike and the entire Rounds family: youre in our prayers, and we will walk this journey with you.An unbelievable night! #Braves win World Series. #GOP wins in Virginia. God Bless America!3 Youngkin is a new rising star in the Republican Party.  4 The party of Donald Trump won big tonight in Virginia.  5 Democrats continue to stick with Bidens agenda at their own peril.I'm calling it too, Virginia for Youngkin!   Also, Go #Braves. 5 Takeaways from Virginia Tonight:  1 Virginia has rejected Bidens radical agenda. 2 The Democrats Trump Card against Youngkin didnt work.Not only would these settlements be breathtakingly unjust and unwise, but they reinforce the conditions that make it easy for the cartels to recruit more people to undertake the treacherous journey to our southwest border, and serve only to encourage more illegal immigration.Rewarding illegal immigration with financial payments runs counter to our laws and would only serve to encourage more lawlessness at our border.Wishing @PressSec Jen Psaki a full and complete recovery from COVID-19.Asked Answered. Yes. It appears illegal immigrants ARE eligible for the child tax credits under the Democrats framework bill.I just about fell out of my chair when I read this.  For the sake of our country, I hope this reporting is in error.  This would be an OUTRAGENo group would appreciate this policy more than the Mexican drug cartels, coyotes, and human smugglers who are profiting off Bidens lax immigration policy.Question:  Are illegal immigrants eligible for child tax credits under Democratic 'framework' bill If so, that would be a further inducement to come to America illegally.Democrats own it all and the public will soon have the opportunity to make their voices heard and render a verdict on this reckless tax and spending spree.Over the next year, I hope the American people will remember that when workers needed a break from inflation, the Democrats created more. And at a time the economy is struggling to recover, the Democrat spending package will act as a wet blanket on a sluggish recovery.Finally, what was initially rolled out as a massive $3.5 trillion government expansion inflation bomb was shrunk to a slightly smaller, but no less lethal inflation grenade.We will see capital flow out of the United States because the costs of doing business will dramatically increase over time.Expect a spike in energy prices as this Democratic package puts American energy independence at risk.While we do not yet know all the details, what we already know is troubling. Due to the tax increases and provisions, American companies will be less competitive in the world market.This so-called framework negotiated by Democrats behind closed doors will add to our inflation problems and be an impediment to growth.There is nothing moderate about this proposal.I appreciate the efforts of the Attorney General and his team to reach this settlement, and I hope the families of the victims of this horrible deed will find some closure with this settlement.I have been very supportive of the families rights to pursue legal recourse because of the failure of the NICS program to adequately pick up prior offenses of Dylann Roof.I am very pleased to hear that the Department of Justice has reached a settlement agreement with the families of the victims of the Mother Emanuel attack.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News in just a few minutes. Tune in!President Trump brought order out of chaos on our southern border, enlisting cooperation from Mexico and the Northern Triangle countries of Central America in an unprecedented manner.Let us not forget the consequential nature of the Trump presidency as we live in the disaster that is the Biden presidency.Congratulations and thank you for your continued service to our country and the world!Cindy is an outstanding choice for this job and will bring instant credibility to this position.She has spent years helping the developing world, and nothing could be more beneficial than teaching people best agricultural practices so they can sustain their own life.Very pleased the Senate has confirmed @CindyMcCain to be the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture.Speaking with @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews in just a few minutes about the latest on Afghanistan. Tune in!Speaking with Brian @kilmeade at 7:15 pm on Fox News about the latest on Afghanistan and more. Tune in!Very sad to hear my good friend David Knott has passed away. He was an incredibly successful man and terrific supporter who had an optimistic spirit. He will be missed by his dear family and many friends, including me.Then and now, I very much appreciate Ivanka and Jared wanting to show respect for Senator McCains service to our nation.  I found it to be very gracious on their part.Like all attendees, they wanted to show their appreciation and respect for Senator McCains decades of service to our nation.I personally know Ivanka and Jareds attendance at Senator McCains funeral was coordinated with those in charge and the result of an invitation from a family member.We need to slow down and get a better accounting of where the moneys going to go.Logically, it makes sense to inventory threats we have out there and get ahead of it.  But in the process of trying to find out how to stop a pandemic, are you creating one?We have been meeting with stakeholders to discuss how we could get this project done.  We have made progress in those efforts and have now received all the necessary authorizations we need to move this project forward.One of the best things about this job is working with local, state and federal officials to get big things done for the future of South Carolina.The Senate filibuster requires our leaders to reach across the aisle to move ideas and policies forward.  It is more relevant to American politics than ever.The Senate was designed to be different than the House of Representatives.  The legislative filibuster slows down passions from the House, liberal or conservative, which can often be overheated.Congresswoman Omar and the other members of The Squad are Exhibit A of why we need to keep the legislative filibuster.   Radical elements could do a lot of harm to our democracy if they had their way.Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., sounded the alarm over reports that China successfully launched a hypersonic missile and saidif truethe advancement would be something the U.S. could not ignore, according to a report.The policy changes by the Biden Administration have led to this invasion with no end in sight. Unless we go back to the Remain in Mexico policy of President Trump, migrants will continue to come by the hundreds of thousands.Border arrests have soared to all-time high, new CBP data showsIf press reports are accurate regarding Chinas test of a hypersonic missile with a nuclear capability, then this is a military game changing event that the United States cannot ignore.Wishing Secretary Mayorkas a speedy recovery from #COVID19.  Look forward to a rescheduled Senate Judiciary hearing and working with him to deal with our broken immigration system.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight on @FoxNews about the missile test and growing threats posed by China  Tune in!Speaking with @newsmax TV Eric Bolling today at 4:00 pm about the latest on Biden's failing border policies.  WATCH:Press conference on Greenville via @wyffnews4.  WATCH:Meeting with the South Carolina media. WATCH:The men and women of the foreign service never had a better champion. My prayers are with his family and many friends in the days ahead.General Powell cared deeply about the men and women of the State Department.  He is noted as a great military leader, justifiably so, but he also had a passion for diplomacy and the benefits of avoiding war by stabilizing troubled regions.My main interactions with General Powell involved soft power making sure developmental aid was used in a way to make the world a better place.I was surprised and saddened to hear of the passing of one of the great American leaders of any time, General Colin Powell. His service to our nation was legendary on so many fronts.Speaking with @JudgeJeanine on Fox News in just a few minutes about my trip this week to the US - Mexico border. Tune in!@CBP Shockingly, the Brazilian government refuses to accept their own citizens back.Its also an abuse of the hard-working men and women of the @CBP as they are becoming a concierge service for middle and upper class Brazilians seeking to come to the United States.Unlike migrants who have traveled for weeks, the luggage and appearance of these Brazilians was as if they were simply checking into a hotel.  This is a flagrant abuse of our immigration system.I saw first-hand dozens of Brazilians - well-dressed, with expensive luggage - who flew on tourist visas to Cancun and other destinations.  From there, they take planes, buses, and cars up to the US-Mexico border to turn themselves in.One of the big takeaways from my recent trip to the Yuma sector of the US-Mexico border was the dramatic increase in the number of Brazilians coming to the United States.The word is out - Biden has brought back Catch and Release - and the smugglers know it.The word is out If you get to America turn yourself in, claim asylum, you will never be forced to leave. Until the Biden Administration changes that narrative we are going to be invaded and overrun.Migrants coming to the US today are not trying to avoid detection in fact they are turning themselves in. Our asylum laws are being abused. It is what is leading to this surge at the border.The men and women of the @CBP are heroes. Unfortunately, the Border Patrol is being turned into the Border Processing Patrol.Yuma, Arizona is the next Del Rio, Texas.All those who served under him admired his leadership, courage, and character. All of his friends and family have lost someone near and dear to their hearts. Well done, General.  Rest In Peace.Extremely sad about the passing of General Ray Odierno. He was a brilliant military leader, a personal friend, and lived a life dedicated to duty, honor, and country.Look forward to visiting Yuma, Arizona tomorrow to meet with the @CBP to discuss border security and the flow of migrants into the United States.Well said @LeaderMcConnell. Could not agree more. Lets just do it.Senator @tedcruz and I will join @seanhannity in just a few minutes to discuss the debt ceiling. LISTEN LIVE:"This is a complete capitulation," Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told reporters on Thursday.It would also set in motion a very unhealthy set of events.  If Democrats are willing to change the rules of the Senate to avoid raising the debt ceiling through reconciliation they really dont care and it is time for Republicans to push back.If Democrats want an expedited process to use reconciliation to raise the debt limit they can have it.  However, if Republicans intend to give Democrats a pass on using reconciliation to raise the debt limit now or in the future that would be capitulation.How many more terrorists with that mindset continue to roam Afghanistan today?  We know the terrorists ultimate goal is to attack the American homeland.  I fear the worst is still yet to come.The Taliban takeover of Afghanistan is lethal to Americans and our national security.  The fact that the suicide bomber who killed 13 American service members was a terrorist released from prison by the Taliban shows the threats we continue to face.Must seeCongratulations to @FoxNews on their 25th anniversary. Fox News covers stories other wont and brings a perspective that is severely lacking in the mainstream media. Great people and a great network. Heres to the next 25, Fox News!Inflation is one of the worst enemies of working Americans and those on fixed incomes.   .and  ALL the spending proposals the Democrats are discussing in reconciliation - beyond the bipartisan infrastructure bill - are like pouring gas on the raging inflation fire.While Democrats have pushed for a massive reconciliation package presented with an estimated $3.5 trillion price tag, @LeaderMcConnell and Senator @LindseyGrahamSC say the true cost has not yet been figured, and want to see the real numbers presented.Today @MarshaBlackburn and I sent a letter to President Biden urging him to tell the massive migrant caravan approaching our southern border, You must turn around.Speaking with @ericbolling on @newsmax at 4:18pm. Tune in!President Biden is fiddling while the border burns.  Protect the border now!Another day passes, another caravan on the way to the US grows larger, and President Biden remains silent.   Thousands of people are marching toward the United States to illegally cross our southern border and President Biden seems to not care.The border is in complete chaos.  Our Border Patrol officers are already under siege.  This massive caravan will be a nightmare for all concerned.  If President Biden does not personally send the message to Turn Around it will be dereliction of duty at the highest level.President Biden needs to immediately send a clear and concise signal to the massive illegal immigrant caravan approaching the United States through Mexico You Must Turn Around.I agree with Jen Psaki - We dont haveopen borders! Instead, we haveSurrenderedBorders. We have surrendered oursouthernborder to the drug cartels, human traffickers, coyotes.and unfortunately, I fear that in the future, the terrorists.Im so sorry to hear that @SenFeinsteins husband Richard is having health problems. I wish him a speedy recovery. My thoughts and prayers are with Dianne and her family.It is my hope that the more moderate members of the Democrat party will not give in to the radical liberals extortion.The Democrat party is now in the hands of the most radical liberals in modern American political history who have an insatiable appetite to grow the federal government, raise taxes, and weaken our ability to defend ourselves.Its not surprising to hear that Senator Sanders an avowed socialist is holding the bipartisan infrastructure bill hostage to the $3.5 trillion monstrosity a socialist dream of spending.Happy 1st birthday to Liberty McCainDomenech! I know this is a big occasion for mom, dad, and both sides of the family. Wishing a great first birthday to a beautiful little girl.To the Border Patrol: WE HAVE YOUR BACK!  @CBP #BorderPatrol  Please watch and SHARE on Twitter if you agree!WATCH:Speaking now at a roundtable discussion on infrastructure in the Lowcountry.  WATCH:To the men and women of the Border Patrol -- We Have Your Back!It is President Biden and his weak and pathetic team that will pay for the lawlessness at the border in 2022. To the men and women of the Border Patrol: keep your chins up. America is with you.When President Biden says that Border Patrol agents will pay for doing their job, it is an affront to all those in uniform at the border and is the ultimate blame-shifting.What a pathetic statement by the President of the United States regarding our mounted Border Patrol agents trying to control lawlessness at our border.Secretary Mayorkas needs to resign.  Hes completely incompetent.  The border is not closed. Its been surrendered.@ChuckGrassley With Senate candidates like Chuck Grassley and a sharp focus by the party and its leaders on winning majorities in the House and Senate 2022 will be a terrific year for Republicans.   Its time to look forward, not back.@ChuckGrassley Chuck is a ferocious advocate for the people of Iowa and the conservative cause.  Equally important, hes a senator with a strong independent streak who can also work across the aisle.Great news for the people of Iowa and the U.S. that Sen. @ChuckGrassley will seek reelection in 2022.  I have served with Chuck my entire time in the Senate. He is one of the most hardworking, enthusiastic senators I have ever met with a wealth of experience and knowledge.This is yet another surrender of the border by the Biden Administration.  It is only a matter of time until terrorists seize upon this debacle.In Case You Missed It  I spoke with @marthamaccallum about the surrender of the border by the Biden Administration.  It is only a matter of time until terrorists seize upon this debacle. WATCH:  via @YouTubeThis is yet another surrender of the border by the Biden Administration.  It is only a matter of time until terrorists seize upon this debacle.The coyotes and cartels will appreciate the Biden Administration removing Border Patrol agents on horseback from this section of the border as it was slowing down their smuggling business.God bless the men and women of our Border Patrol who are being asked to do the impossible.  All the while they are being scapegoated and demagogued by the most incompetent Administration in modern American history.Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on @foxnews about the Biden immigration disaster at our southern border. Tune in!The cause of police reform will continue over time, and I appreciate all the effort of Senator Scott and others to try and find common ground.Senator Scott knows the difference between reforming the police and making their job more difficult. I am disappointed we were unable to get there in a bipartisan way this time.I really appreciate @SenatorTimScotts leadership in trying to find a way to enact common-sense police reform that empowers the police, makes policing more professional, and deals with some of the more flagrant abuses weve seen in the past.The ONLY way to stop the flow of migrants is to change our asylum laws that are being ABUSED.  It is past time for the Biden Administration to show some leadership.If the Biden Administration called a Time Out on asylum claims made in the United States where people are released and never show up to their hearings this flow would stop overnight.Every time I see the images coming from our southern border I get infuriated. The human suffering.  The national security threats.  The out of control nature of this run on the border needs to stop!I hope the American people are watching and understand that funding for the Iron Dome missile defense system is essential to the survival of the State of Israel, Americas most reliable ally in a troubled and dangerous region.  Despicable.The wacky Left who views Israel as the bad guy and Hamas as the good is firmly in control of both domestic and national security policy for the Democrats.The Democrat-controlled Houses refusal to support replenishing funding for Israels #IronDome missile defense system marks a new low in the U.S.-Israel relationship.On multiple occasions I have called for Senate hearings about what is going on at our southern border.  Unfortunately, we cant get Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Durbin to hold them.Like most Americans I am deeply troubled by the fact that we have thousands upon thousands of illegal migrants rushing our border (with an estimated 50,000 more en route), taxing the system, and making life hell on Earth for the Border Patrol agents.So sad the Biden Administration doesnt have any empathy or understanding for the brave men and women of the Border Patrol who are dealing with the $@#!-show created by the Biden Administrations incompetence and weakness.@foxandfriends If you come from some other place, we send you back to Mexico, you sit in Mexico, make your application, you cant come here until your hearing which is 3 or 4 years down the road.  It would all stop overnight.  Nobodys going pay a bunch of money to sit in Mexico for 5 years.@foxandfriends Trump did that and it went to a 45 year low... If youre from the Triangle Countries, you have to apply there.On the Border Crisis from @foxandfriends: Everybodys coming to seek asylum.  If you said you cant apply for asylum in the United States we no longer accept asylum claims inside the country they'd all stop coming.  WATCH:He was a terrific mayor, and the city flourished during his tenure. Larry had an incredibly well-lived life and will be missed by his many friends and dear family.Very sad to hear of the passing of former Easley mayor Larry Bagwell. Larry was a great man who cared deeply about his community both on and off the field.ICYMI  Spoke with @foxandfriends this morning about the disaster at our southern border and how the situation in Afghanistan poses a direct threat to or own national security here in the United States. WATCH:Ill be joining @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 AM to discuss the latest on the growing disaster at our southern border.  Tune in!The Parliamentarians guidance reinforces long held traditions of the Senate that major policy changes should be done collaboratively and not through the reconciliation process.  This decision reinforces the fact that the Senate is truly different than the House.It would be a terrible idea to provide legal status before we secure the border and reform the immigration process which is currently being abused.Having worked on several comprehensive immigration reform bills, I believe using the reconciliation process to provide legal status to illegal immigrants would be a disaster.  It would have led to an increased run on the border beyond the chaos we already have there today.Im very glad to hear that the Parliamentarian provided guidance to the Senate that granting legal status to illegal immigrants is not a proper use of the reconciliation process.I am grateful for the partnership between our two nations and the sacrifices made by France in this global struggle against radical Islamic terrorism.Very much appreciate and applaud the successful efforts of our French allies in eliminating Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahrawi, an ISIS leader with American blood on his hands.  The French have been steadfast allies in the war against radical Islamic terrorism.Speaking with @JordanSekulow on @ACLJ now about the latest on General Milley.   LISTEN:How easy would it be for a terrorist to cross this broken border?We need to secure our border now. It is time forPresident Bidentobring order to the chaos at the border.In August2021, there were 208,000 illegal border crossings that is an increase of more than 300% from August 2020. So much forthe Biden Administrations belief we would seea downturn of illegal immigrantcrossings due tothe summer heat!With all the chaos in the world being created byBidensirresponsibleforeign policy, itwouldbe easy to overlookthe problems atour brokensouthernborder. I have notforgotten about the failing border policies put in place by President Biden.Joining Representative @michaelgwaltz on @FoxNews Primetime in just a few minutes to discuss the latest on General Milley and our calls for the Taliban to be designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization. Tune in!This poses a tremendous problem for the United States. As long as the Afghan Taliban is in control of Afghanistan, we will never be safe. We need to delegitimize the Afghan Taliban and call them out for what they are: a foreign terrorist organization.The Afghan Taliban does not have the will to control al-Qaeda because they are sympathetic to their cause. And even if they had the will, they dont have the capability to control al-Qaeda. Al-Qaeda will have safe havens in perpetuity.Those who still question whether the Afghan Taliban has really changed their ways regarding women, worldview, and association with al-Qaeda: Here they are rolling out the red carpet for an al-Qaeda leader returning to Afghanistan.Speaking with Rob @SchmittNYC at 10:10 pm on @newsmax. WATCH:Highly recommend the @60Minutes piece last night on the heroism of the @FDNY.  They did a fantastic job of telling the 9/11 story and the sacrifices these brave Americans made trying save the lives of others.  Great story by @ScottPelley and crew.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:40 AM about the latest on Afghanistan and opposition to the Democrats $3.5 trillion spending package. Tune in!There was a sense of not being prepared that was unnerving.  I tried - from them to now - to never be that unprepared again.President Bush stepped up to the plate and delivered for our nation on one of the most traumatic days in American history. #911AnniversaryAs we remember the 9/11 attacks on this, the 20th anniversary, Im struck by the courage of so many in the face of danger and chaos.  I am also reminded of the resolve of President George W. Bush and how he handled this horrific situation with calmness and determination.I remember how I felt the day we were attacked.I have a heavy heart today....Any country who provides them legitimacy is setting in motion a reign of terror for the people of Afghanistan and the spread of the terror threat throughout the world.I will oppose any and all efforts by the Biden Administration to legitimize the Afghan Taliban as the government of Afghanistan.  They are a terrorist organization.If youre a radical Islamic sympathizer, this is the All-Star lineup.  If you believe in human decency, particularly for women, it is a nightmare.What could possibly go wrong with this cast of characters?  The leader of the Interior Ministry, Sirajuddin Haqqani, has a $10 million dollar bounty on his head offered by the U.S. government because hes a terrorist.If you had any doubt of how ill-advised the Biden Administration decision to withdraw from Afghanistan was, ALL DOUBT should now be removed by the lineup of thugs and butchers who now form the interim government of Afghanistan.Speaking with @TGowdySC in just a few minutes on @FoxNews about the latest on #Afghanistan.Speaking with @JudgeJeanine on Fox News in just a few minutes.Like many members of the House & Senate, Ive been on the phone all day trying to get people out of Afghanistan. The Taliban are playing games, slow-walking evacuations, & clearly setting up a hostage situation post-August 31.  The Biden Administration needs to up their game.Joining @seanhannity shortly on @FoxNews tune in.Any sustainable solution in Afghanistan must include Pakistan. We all must remember Pakistan is a nuclear-armed nation, and there is a Pakistan version of the Taliban who wishes topple the Pakistani government and military. Very complicated region and dangerous times.Just spoke with the Ambassador of Pakistan to the United States about the situation in Afghanistan. Very much appreciate the efforts of the Pakistani government to assist with the evacuation of U.S. citizens, our allies, and other nations.My condolences go to their families and my deep appreciation for the ultimate sacrifice they gave to their country in an honorable operation to rescue their fellow citizens trapped behind enemy lines. May they Rest in Peace.Very sad to hear that in our efforts to evacuate American citizens and Afghan allies we have lost 13 U.S. service members.The retaking of Bagram would put our military at risk, but I think those involved in the operation would gladly accept that risk because it would restore our honor as a nation and save lives.I urge the Biden Administration to reestablish our presence in Bagram as an alternative to the Kabul airport so that we do not leave our fellow citizens and thousands of Afghan allies behind. It is not a capability problem, but a problem of will.We have the capability to reestablish our presence at Bagram to continue to evacuate American citizens and our Afghan allies. The biggest mistake in this debacle is abandoning Bagram.I have advocated for days that the Bagram Air Base should be reopened as the Kabul airport is very difficult to defend and has been the only evacuation outlet.This despicable terrorist attack against innocent civilians at the Kabul airport, which injured American Marines, is a reminder of the depravity the world faces from Afghanistan.My friend @HerschelWalker just announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in Georgia!  Please join me in supporting his campaign from Day One!My thoughts today are with the McCain clan.   RIP my friend.In many ways, Im glad hes not here to see the debacle in Afghanistan because it would have truly broken his heart.   John was passionate about national security and driven by a sense of duty and honor that I believe represent the best of America.On this, the third anniversary of John McCains passing - and given the chaos in the world - it reminds me and many others how much we miss his counsel and wisdom.Unfortunately, when it comes to Afghanistan and other national security problems, the worst is yet to come.The fault lies with President Biden, who doesnt have the critical thinking skills to make adjustments and has always been more political with foreign policy than conditions-based.In the Afghanistan withdrawal: He put in motion the leaving behind of thousands of Afghans who fought by our side, American citizens, and billions of dollars worth of American military hardware.In the case of President Biden: He consistently rejects sound military advice and substitutes his own judgement - which over the arc of time - has been a disaster.Speaking with Brian @Kilmeade on @foxnewsradio in just a few minutes about Afghanistan. LISTEN LIVE:President Biden has signed the Death Warrant for thousands of Afghans who helped us.  Hes washing his hands of Afghanistan at our peril as a nation.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm on @FoxNews about the latest on Afghanistan.If you haven't been vaccinated for #COVID19 yet, please #GetVaccinated. Speaking at @theprismahealth:@theprismahealth @foxcarolinanews Stream from @WSPA7: WATCH:@theprismahealth Stream of @foxcarolinanews from Oconee Hospital:Participating in an event commemorating the expansion of the Emergency Department at @theprismahealth Oconee Memorial Hospital. WATCH:Its imperative we extend the August 31 deadline.  President Biden cant give in to the Talibans ultimatum. It would result in tens of thousands being left behind.  Clearly the Taliban are slow-walking to create a hostage situation.Just remember when Joe Biden tells you this was well-executed, hes the same man who said 48 hours ago there was no al-Qaeda in Afghanistan.  The ultimate intelligence failure is Joe Biden himself.An ROTC cadet would understand that the day you pull the plug on our military presence you made this evacuation into the disaster of all disasters.I could not believe what I heard President Biden say this afternoon. He said it would have been hard and painful to withdraw from Afghanistan whether we did it a month ago or a month from now.  How about this idea: you shouldve taken the civilians out before the military left!Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 9:20 AM. Tune in.Speaking with @JudgeJeanine in just a few minutes on Fox News.President Biden is clearly disconnected from the reality on the ground in Afghanistan.  The UN issued a report just a month or two ago saying that al-Qaeda was in fifteen provinces in Afghanistan  After this debacle, theyre going to be everywhere.The airlift to Doha is the primary way out, and theres a limit to their capability. Must have alternatives soon.I really appreciate all the help by our Qatari allies regarding Afghanistan.  I was informed today by the Defense Attach that Doha is being overwhelmed by refugees and there are problems getting people through checkpoints at the airport with proper documents.Speaking with @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews in just a few minutes about President Bidens Afghanistan address. Tune in!If we leave any Americans behind, or if we leave thousands of Afghans who fought bravely alongside us behind, President Joe Biden deserves to be impeached for a High Crime and Misdemeanor of Dereliction of Duty.If the French are willing to use military force to get their people out, if the British are willing to do it, we should join the effort.  Why not a joint coalition of the willing effort to get everybody out who honorably served along our side?We urge the administration to extend the evacuation beyond their original target date of Aug. 31. President Biden must keep forces in place long enough to evacuate those to whom we owe a great debt.We must establish safe corridors not only in Kabul but throughout the country to move those who cannot make it to the capital.If we leave any Americans behind, or if we leave thousands of Afghans who fought bravely alongside us behind, President Joe Biden deserves to be impeached for a High Crime and Misdemeanor of Dereliction of Duty.We are DUTY bound to get every American citizen out of Afghanistan. We are HONOR bound to get those Afghans who bravely fought by our side out.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30 AM this morning about the deteriorating situation in Afghanistan.Sending best wishes for a speedy recovery to my good friends and colleagues, @SenatorWicker, @SenAngusKing, and @SenatorHick as they recover from COVID-19. If you have not already done so please #GetVaccinated.Some of the best times Ive ever had on a golf course were playing with Gary and PresidentTrump. Gary constantly talked about his family and his admiration for his soulmate Vivienne.  Vivienne Player fought the good fight may she Rest In Peace.I know how devastating this is to Gary and the Player family, but we should all remember the blessing of having Vivienne in our lives.Very sorry and sad to hear of the passing of Vivienne Player, the lovely wife of Gary Player.  Vivienne was the heart and soul of the Player family, providing loving care to all. She led an incredible life full of adventure and was beyond gracious.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News in just a few minutes about Afghanistan. I cannot believe the Commander-in-Chief would address the nation today and NOT discuss Afghanistan.President Biden and his team are derelict in their duty to protect American citizens and our Afghan allies who are at the mercy of the Taliban.I cannot believe the Commander-in-Chief would address the nation today and NOT discuss Afghanistan.When it comes to evacuating American citizens and our Afghan allies who fought bravely by our side, there should not be a clock nor a question of capability. We have the capability and there should be no time limit the only question is, do we have the will?Just cant believe I heard the Secretary of Defense say that we will get American citizens and our Afghan allies out of Afghanistan until the clock runs out or we run out of capability.The best thing that can happen for Afghan women is if those in charge of this debacle at the State Department resign and be replaced by more competent individuals.The audacity to talk about how much she cares for Afghan women in light of the actions of the Biden Administration is beyond shameless.The Biden Administration has abandoned Afghan women!  The fate that awaits Afghan women, at the hands of the Taliban, is a direct result of the Biden Administrations failure to adequately plan for an ill-conceived withdrawal.I cant believe what I heard from the State Department briefing podium by Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman. She went through all of her efforts to improve the lives of Afghan women going back to 1997 and now believes that those words matter.ICYMI  Spoke with Brian @kilmeade earlier today about the dangerous situation in Afghanistan. :Does the Biden Administration have any plans to ensure their safe passage to Kabul?3 Questions for the Biden Administration:  What percentage of the Afghans who helped the US and are eligible to leave the country reside outside Kabul?   How will these Afghans get to Kabul?President Biden chose a dangerous and dishonorable path in Afghanistan and he has no one to blame for this debacle but himself.Joining The Brian @Kilmeade Show in just a few minutes.  LISTEN LIVE:President Biden was quick to blame others and never acknowledging the blame lies with him.  The essence of his address was The buck stops with me, but President Trump and others made me do it.  Not exactly Harry Truman.The Biden speech was a pathetic attempt to shift blame and an unnerving analysis of the situation he and he alone created.Whether it was Iraq, Syria, Iran, Afghanistan, or our southern border, Joe Biden does not have the judgement to keep America safe and does not have the ability to understand the threats we face.  It is a dangerous and lethal combination.By standing by his decision to withdraw, President Biden is standing by to allow the slaughter of thousands of Afghans who have faithfully stood by Americas side.  He is standing by to allow the rise of al-Qaeda, in collaboration with the Taliban, to threaten America.President Biden chose a dangerous and dishonorable path in Afghanistan, and he has no one to blame for this debacle but himself.My hope is the world will see the Taliban for who they are. They are liars and thugs.WATCH:Speaking now on the situation unfolding in Afghanistan.  WATCH:Speaking with @FoxNews in just a few minutes about the situation in Afghanistan.  Tune in!Speaking with @SandraSmithFox today at 1:00 pm about the situation in Afghanistan. Tune in!It is only a matter of time until al-Qaeda reemerges in Afghanistan and presents a threat to the American homeland and western world.  President Biden seems oblivious to the terrorist threats that will come from a Taliban-run Afghanistan.It is only a matter of time until al-Qaeda reforms in Afghanistan and presents a threat to the American homeland and western world.The takeover of Afghanistan by the Taliban is a sad and dangerous event for U.S. national security interests and the world at large.  Jihadists all over the world are celebrating this event.The military is doing the best they can given the bad hand they have been dealt.  The people wearing the suits created this debacle - not the ones wearing the uniform.Our military leaders can only advise.  It is up to the political leadership the Commander-in-Chief and his team to act.  The decision to withdraw completely from Afghanistan was made AGAINST sound military advice.Our military leaders understand the benefit of a residual force to protect Afghanistan from becoming a failed state and also to prevent the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS.When it comes to assigning blame regarding the debacle in Afghanistan: After speaking with various U.S. military leaders, one thing I am certain of is the military has consistently given sound advice to both Presidents Biden and Trump.When it comes to defending the American homeland and our way of life, there is no sacrifice too great or time period too long.  This is the attitude that allows American freedom to flourish.I know it is difficult to see Afghanistan deteriorate so quickly, but you and your comrades in arms some who made the ultimate sacrifice did your job to protect America.To the Americans who served in Afghanistan and their family members:  You provided protection to our nation for 20 years against another 9/11.If President Biden truly has no regrets about his decision to withdraw, then he is disconnected from reality when it comes to Afghanistan.I have been in deep discussions with military and intel officials, past and present, who understand the debacle unfolding in Afghanistan. I'll be presenting some ideas soon to lessen the blow and over time make sure Afghanistan does not become a launching pad for another 9/11.Im hopeful an adjustment on the ground will be coming and more militia groups and Afghan security forces will reconfigure and begin to counter attack.In the face of Taliban onslaught, there has been a complete lack of morale and confidence by Afghan security forces. The Afghans have come to rely on American air power, maintainer support, and intelligence support - which always gave them the ability to resist Taliban attacks.That will require a reassessment of their initial decision and recognition by President Biden that his decision to fully withdraw without conditions has been a complete debacle.Im hopeful there will be an opportunity for the Biden Administration to provide meaningful assistance in the days ahead.It is not in our national security interest for the Taliban to take over Afghanistan because their true sympathies lie with al Qaeda and ISIS. It will only be a matter of time before our homeland is again threatened from Afghanistan.The only thing worse than being incompetent is being stubborn to the point that you cant look at the facts and change your mind when necessary.  When it comes to the border and situation in Afghanistan, the worst is yet to come.Between the crisis at the border and the debacle in Afghanistan, one could argue that President Biden is the most incompetent national security president in modern history.In July there were over 212,000 illegal immigrants who came into the country (and thats not counting the got-aways / only God knows how many we missed).   The men and women of the Border Patrol are heroes who are being asked to do the impossible.So much for the idea that there would be a seasonal downturn in illegal immigrant crossings at our southern border!All of this is a result of President Biden believing he knows more than his military advisors.  President Biden apparently learned nothing from Iraq. When it comes to Afghanistan, the worst is yet to come.A vacuum is being created in Afghanistan for the reemergence of ISIS and al-Qaeda who will attack U.S. interests.   America is perceived as an unreliable ally throughout the world.  Russia, Iran, and China will become stronger in the region.If President Biden doesnt have any regrets about his decision to withdraw all forces from Afghanistan, he is completely blind to the consequences his decision has on U.S. national security.Dangerous days lie ahead.He claimed they are two different scenarios. That is a clear misreading of the situation.  Clearly, the Biden Administration is completely unaware of the threats were facing from Afghanistans collapse and has no intention of adjusting their failing policy.I could not believe what I heard from Pentagon spokesman John Kirby regarding Afghanistan.  He doesnt see a parallel between Iraq and Afghanistan regarding American withdrawal and the rise of radical Islam.Finally, we also should hear more from Republicans who aspire to be president in 2024 about what they would do in Afghanistan.Their rise will directly threaten American interests and our national security.  Its almost as if 9/11 never happened.  Acting like radical Islam does not exist in Afghanistan is a dangerous game. We have seen this movie before.President Biden constantly talks about the need for the Afghans to fight harder and do better.  He is completely unaware that the collapse in Afghanistan is paving the way for the reemergence of al-Qaeda and ISIS in Afghanistan.President Biden turned down sound military advice by withdrawing all forces from Afghanistan.  He seems to truly believe that what happens in Afghanistan poses little threat to the United States.Im very proud of my Republican colleagues and Senator Joe Manchin from West Virginia for supporting Hyde protections during consideration of the budget resolution, which prohibit taxpayer dollars from being used to fund abortions.The radical Green New Deal aspects of the budget resolution will lead to higher energy prices.The Democratic majority has set in motion a blueprint that will incentivize further illegal immigration, increase rampant inflation, and dramatically grow the size of government.Will be speaking on the Senate floor in just a few minutes in opposition to the Democrats $3.5 trillion budget resolution. WATCH:The legislation includes the provision, which I cosponsored, which promotes easier access for South Carolina businesses to view and apply for government procurement contracts.The legislation includes the DRIVE-Safe Act, which I cosponsored, to help develop the next generation of American truck drivers.  READ MORE:South Carolina will receive $4.6 billion in highway funding, $274 million in bridge replacement and rehabilitation funding, and $70 million to assist in the deployment of electric vehicles and charging stations over the next five years.This bill provides American infrastructure with a much-needed facelift.The bipartisan infrastructure bill is good for South Carolina.  It provides much-needed help for our roads, bridges, ports, and expands broadband internet access.  I have always been supportive of infrastructure investment and wish we had passed this years ago.By passing a bipartisan bill it will make it much harder for Schumer-Pelosi-AOC to pass the $3.5 trillion liberal spending bill later this year.  All Republicans will vote against that bill and many moderate Democrats will balk as well.There is a reason liberals like AOC in the House of Representatives hate this bill.  Its a much needed vote in support of roads, bridges, ports, and broadband internet access.  We should have done this years ago!I appreciate all the hard work of my colleagues who negotiated a good bill and am cheering on the effort as the day unfolds. Stay strong!Big day for bipartisan infrastructure bill. America is in desperate need of real infrastructure improvements and the Senate needs to prove to the country that it can still get big things done.President Trump has taken the vaccine. Ive taken the vaccine. If you are unvaccinated, I would encourage you to take the vaccine as well.I talked to President Trump earlier, hes been checking in with me every day.  I told him the #COVID19 vaccine was his biggest accomplishment.  He broke down bureaucratic barriers to turn the vaccine into a reality!People are listening to a bunch of voices out there.  To the extent that they will listen to my voice it is pretty simple - We're Lucky to Have the #COVID19 Vaccine.  #GetVaccinatedI talked to President Trump, hes been checking in with me every day.  I told him the #COVID19 vaccine was his biggest accomplishment.  He broke down bureaucratic barriers to turn the vaccine into a reality!I enjoyed my interactions with him and know how passionate he was about his causes.  My thoughts and prayers with his family and many friends.Very sad to hear of the passing of Richard Trumka.  While we had many political differences, we were able to work together on trade and immigration issues.  I always founds him to be a principled negotiator and a man of his word.This too shall pass.  Im confident the vaccine helped us both! Know you will be back at it soon!I feel like I have a sinus infection and at present time I have mild symptoms.  I will be quarantining for ten days.  I am very glad I was vaccinated because without vaccination I am certain I would not feel as well as I do now.  My symptoms would be far worse.I was just informed by the House physician I have tested positive for #COVID19 even after being vaccinated.  I started having flu-like symptoms Saturday night and went to the doctor this morning.Congratulations to Olympic gymnastics all-around champion @sunisalee_. What a tremendous performance under difficult circumstances. You make our nation proud well done!Carl Levin was one of the most effective senators in the history of the body, and the people of Michigan lost a real champion. My prayers are with his family and legions of friends.He was an institutionalist who fought changing the rules no matter who proposed the idea. He believed in the Senate as being a special place, and he never wanted to see it become the House.Im very sad to hear of the passing of my dear friend Senator Carl Levin from Michigan. Carl was a proud progressive Democrat, but I never knew of anyone who supported the military more. He was incredibly smart, always thoughtful, and a complete gentleman.The growing presence of @weareboeingsc is a testament to our unmatched workforce and regulatory environment.  Great to see #EXIM supporting local jobs in South Carolina.Speaking with @SandraSmithFox in just a few minutes. Tune in!@HerschelWalker Herschel has lived an incredible life and has much to offer the people of Georgia.  Most importantly, he can win.  To those who doubt he can win: If you ran against him in Georgia, he would run you over! #RunHERSCHELRunAs to @HerschelWalker running for US Senate in Georgia, I enthusiastically support his candidacy.  Why? Because hes a solid conservative who fits Georgia like a glove.Graham-Cuellar LetterPress conference LIVE:Press conference this morning at 11:00 am with @RepCuellar to discuss COVID-19 and the ongoing humanitarian crisis at the U.S.-Mexico border and the recent surge of COVID-19 amongst immigrants and border agents.  LOCATION: Senate Radio-TV GallerySpeaking with @IngrahamAngle tonight on @foxnews at 10:15 pm about the situation at our southern border and the spread of #covid19.  Tune in!To my liberal Democratic friends: If you are looking to Mask Up, how about Mask Up the border?@DHSgov  What protections does DHS provide for our Customs and Border Protection officials and the local community against migrants who may be transmitting COVID or any variants?@DHSgov  Were those released tested for COVID before being released?  What is the positivity rate for the released?Regarding the #COVID19 situation and immigrants at our southern border, I expect a reply from the @DHSgov Secretary. Of the migrants apprehended:  How many have been tested for COVID?  What are the positivity rates?  How many have been released into the U.S.?Will be discussing with @marthamaccallum today at 3:10 pm on Fox News Channel the latest on COVID19 and the current situation at our border.  Tune in!This is a heartbreaking loss for the Enzi family, the people of Wyoming, and all of Mikes colleagues in the United States Senate.  Rest in peace, my dear friend.Mike was a budget expert, a strong conservative, and an exemplary and effective voice for the people of Wyoming.  We recently talked about driving through Wyoming together with two fishing rods in the back.I was very saddened and shocked to hear of the passing of one of the greatest senators I have ever served with Mike Enzi from Wyoming.  I know this is a real gut punch to his family and legions of friends, including me.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:25 pm on @FoxNews about the rising crime rate across America and problems with the Biden immigration agenda. Tune in!Speaking with @tperkins today at 5:05 pm on @FRCdc Radio about reconciliation, Cuba, and Iran. LISTEN LIVE:@WFP The WFP, under leadership of former South Carolina Governor David Beasley, has done an outstanding job under difficult circumstances.Very glad to see the Qataris donate $100 million to @WFP at a critical time of food shortages.  The combination of COVID19 and wars have been devastating, and I very much appreciate our Qatari allies for their generous donation.Great read from @SarahHuckabee.  I agree. Take advantage of the great work done by President Trump's Operation Warp Speed and get vaccinated.I hope the Biden Administration will let the Taliban know American air power will be available to the Afghan military without time restrictions.  If not, we have very dangerous days ahead for the USA and Afghan women as we reach 20th anniversary of 9/11.  What a cluster!Im glad to see the U.S. is providing air support to the Afghan military.  I believe that if this continues it could provide leverage against the Taliban on the battlefield and at the negotiating table.@WhiteHouse Learn more about the legislation which passed the Senate earlier this week.Honored to be at the @WhiteHouse as President Biden signs the bipartisan Victims of Crime Act Fix into law. WATCH:Wishing Bob and Elizabeth a wonderful birthday celebration!Happy 98th birthday to my very good friend, Senator Bob Dole.  He is one of the greatest of the Greatest Generation.  Senator Dole is an icon in the Senate, an American hero on the battlefield, and an all-around great American!Speaking with Brian @kilmeade tonight at 7:00 pm on Fox News. Tune in!@GOPLeader @SpeakerPelosi If you questioned what this commission was about, this stunt by Pelosi should remove any doubt.   It is about an outcome - not a process.Totally support @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy's decision not to allow @SpeakerPelosi to dictate which Republicans are allowed to serve on the January 6 commission.Press conference on Democrats $3.5 trillion reconciliation spending spree. WATCH:ICYMI: Questioned the Secretary of Agriculture about what happens if we legalize illegal immigrants without first securing our border.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm on Fox News about immigration, the situation at our southern border, and my support for @ChickfilA.  Tune in!Its one thing to deal with sexual assault crimes in trying to create a system to allow people to report wrongdoing more efficiently. It is another to accuse the entire command system of being inherently racist. We will fight back.I find this incredibly offensive and hope the Senate will understand whats going on here. This is an indictment of the military command structure in a fashion that is unconscionable.They voted on and adopted a provision stripping commanders of all UCMJ authority regarding their command because Senator Gillibrand and others have accused the military justice system of being inherently racist.In case you were not paying attention to whats happening on the Senate Armed Services Personnel Subcommittee:If you give one person legal status there will be a run on our border like you have never seen before - dumbest idea in the history of the Senate, the history of the White House.  It will lead to the breakdown of law & order beyond what you see today.Speaking with @IngrahamAngle in just a few minutes on Fox News. Tune in!Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning about the latest on immigration and the problems the Biden Administration has created at our southern border. Tune in!Well done to all the patriots at Notre Dame who stood up for Chick-fil-A and against Cancel Culture. Hope New York will follow your lead. PRO TIP: Always remember to order the #1 with a Coke Zero. Cant go wrong!Big win! Great to hear Chick-fil-A is coming to Notre Dame.Great overview of the Development Finance Corporation started under President Trump and directed by Adam Boehler. This bipartisan program will be invaluable to expanding American influence using metric-based assistance for developing nations. The DFC is truly a game changer.Where is the UN on the rise of antisemitism orthe communist dictatorship in Cuba oppressing its citizens? How about we start there!The Biden Administration has gone completely nuts.All the while our Secretary of State believes systemic racism in the United States is more of a concern for the UN than everything else?The Taliban are marching in Afghanistan and on the path to destroying the hopes and dreams of Afghan women. The Iranians are still the largest state sponsors of terrorism, plotting to kidnap a U.S. citizen on U.S. soil, and getting richer by the minute thanks to Biden policy.The Chinese Communists are suppressing every form of religion, committing genocide against the Uighurs, and threatening their neighbors. The Cuban people are being shot in the street for demanding basic freedoms.The Biden Administration has completely lost focus on the problems that are raging throughout the world.The Secretary of States view of the world is that that the UN Human Rights Council should focus its attention on systemic racism in the United States. Among the member nations of the council are Cuba, China, Venezuela, and Russia.This is the right approach. Good leadership during difficult times is hard to come by. Well done President Pastides.I really appreciate President @HarrisPastides steady and strong leadership. He is focused on looking forward toward the future by naming facilities after worthy South Carolinians.President Bush is right about what will unfold in Afghanistan.  We should put American air power back on the table in support of the Afghanistan security forces.@NotreDame I want everyone in South Carolina and across America to know I have Chick fil-As back. I hope we dont have to, but I will go to war for the principles Chick fil-A stands for.  Great food.  Great service.  Great values.  God bless Chick fil-A!@NotreDame Its disappointing to hear some ND students and faculty want to ban Chick-fil-A from doing business on campus because they disagree with the values held by the Chick-fil-A founders.  What a dangerous precedent to set.I have always thought @NotreDame was one of the greatest universities in America, if not the world.While others talk, Matt is the only candidate Arizonans can trust to stand up to increasing domestic and foreign threats.Matt will work every day to secure Arizona's border and advance policies that protect Arizona families.  He also understands threats come in many forms, including from international adversaries who want to steal Arizona's trade secrets.Press conference on bipartisan and bicameral legislation to empower sexual assault and harassment survivors. WATCH:This is a moment for Joe Biden to stand up for freedom in the face of oppression and communism and thus far hes AWOL.Homerun ad about Democrat efforts removing @MLB All-Star Game from Atlanta because Georgia dared to require people to prove who they are when they vote by mail. Georgia is doing the right thing regarding voter integrity. @MLB did the wrong thing buying into Cancel Culture.Chick-fil-A is a lawful business with a great product.  They should NOT be punished for their beliefs.Such a move by New York against Chick-fil-A would create unnecessary upheaval at a time when the country needs to move forward in respecting sincerely held differences of opinion.When federal funds are shared with the states, it never entered my mind to look at the politics of the state on hot-button issues like marriage to determine whether they are eligible to receive federal funds.It would also be ferociously opposed by many Members of Congress, including me.I hope this threat is all bluster from left-wing New York politicians.  If such a disastrous move ever came about banning a commercial business due to them exercising their First Amendment rights it would set a horrible precedent.The protests reflect generations of frustration over being told by the Cuban communist party how to live your life from cradle to grave.  Under communism the floor and ceiling of life are very narrow, while most peoples hopes and aspirations are boundless.As with all tyrannies, Cuban communism is fracturing.  With American encouragement and support it will collapse!Communism is the worst enemy of individualism, free expression, and free enterprise which represent the best hopes of mankind.  Death to communism in #Cuba and everywhere else in the world it resides!President Biden, freedom in #Cuba needs you now!  Dont be AWOL.Further, it is my hope that this new legislation becomes law and will be vigorously used by the Department of Justice.This legislation will dramatically increase penalties for those engaged in cybercrime and cyberterrorism, hopefully sending the message that America will not tolerate such criminal activity against our economy and our people.When it comes to cybercrime and cyberterrorism, we have lost deterrence.President Biden does not understand conditions are developing in Afghanistan for a reemergence of al-Qaeda and ISIS which will directly threaten the American homeland and our allies.  Get ready for major upheaval as this decision by President Biden is a disaster in the making.It is clear to me that President Biden has learned nothing from their Iraq withdrawal debacle. That decision led to the rise of ISIS.It is important to remember that President Bidens Afghanistan decision to withdraw all forces was made against sound military advice just like he and President Obama did in Iraq.President Biden may have set a deadline to end the war with al-Qaeda and ISIS in Afghanistan.  Unfortunately for us, al-Qaeda and ISIS dont have deadlines when it comes to attacking American interests.When it comes to understanding the war on terror and the dynamics we face as a nation, President Biden has consistently been wrong.  I fear that his Afghanistan decision will prove to be his biggest mistake yet.The border is in chaos.  Afghanistan is teetering.  China is rearing its head.  Inflation is growing because we're spending so much money that's not paid for. You see lawlessness in the streets, the cops do not feel supported.We've lost control of the border between Mexico and the United States.  The Biden Administration is in denial. They're refusing to adjust their policies the worst is yet to come.It is not in America's national security interest for the Taliban to take over Afghanistan.If the Taliban take over part of Afghanistan, I fear that al Qaeda and ISIS will reemerge and well be paving the way for another 9/11.Speaking with Upstate media ahead of Easley Rotary meeting.  WATCH:I expect the ChineseCommunist Partywill be a footnote in Chinese history surrounded by sadness and suffering.  The people of China deserve better.The Chinese Communist Party is not a force for good.  It is oppressive in China and abroad and will one day due to its cruelty collapse.Rep. Waltz was a Green Beret commander in Afghanistan and knows what he is talking about.Rep. Waltz does a great job describing the vacuum that will be created by our withdrawal, the certain rise of radical Islam in Afghanistan, and how we have given up a strategic location to deal with Russia, China, Iran and international terrorism.Watch Rep. @michaelgwaltz , a former Green Beret commander in Afghanistan, talk about President Bidens decision to withdraw from Afghanistan and label it asinine.I can only imagine if President Trump had done something like this.  One area of agreement there is nothing happy going on in Afghanistan due to our withdrawal. The homeland and our allies are increasingly at risk as the groundwork for another 9/11 is growing by the day.Its hard to believe the President of the United States didnt want to take questions about Afghanistan withdrawal and threats to our national security because it s a holiday weekend and he only wanted to talk about happy things.Mr. President, the worlds enemy - radical Islam - doesnt take the #July4th holiday off.I hope that as we approach the 20th anniversary of 9/11 this will change.  A deterioration in Afghanistan is a threat to our homeland and could become a stain on our honor.A commitment by the US to maintain air support could turn things around.  President Biden has consistently misjudged the war on terror and shown an unwillingness to change his mind.I know there would be much bipartisan support for a Biden Administration decision to reconsider a complete withdrawal from Afghanistan.  It is more clear than ever that this is a disaster in the making.100% certain that @MeghanMcCain best days lie ahead as a conservative commentator and thought-leader among her generation.   Meghan is highly intelligent, feisty, patriotic and stands up for her causes.  I wonder where she got that from?The only way to bring back real border security is to bring back Trump policies. President Trump focusing on issues important to the American people will help Republicans win big in 2022.President Trumps criticism of the Biden Administrations border policy is dead-on!  Its heartbreaking to see such human suffering and chaos at our border due to bad policy choices made by the Biden Administration.Glad to see President Trump visiting our southern border today with Texas Governor Abbott.He served our nation with honor and distinction at the highest levels of government.  My prayers are with his family and friends.I was very sad to hear of the passing of former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.  While we had our differences, Secretary Rumsfeld was a great patriot who loved our military and our men and women in uniform.A statement on the Libyan Political Dialogue Forum process with my Senate colleagues @ChrisCoons, @ToddYoungIN, and @ChrisMurphyCT.  #LibyaWe have a chance to keep Iran on the ropes. We have a chance to keep them in a box, but every day they get stronger because Biden doesnt understand the nature of the threat.The Grand Strand is a cash cow for the state, and I am determined to help provide a better means of transportation for those traveling to and from this tourist destination.I am aggressively pursuing funding for I-73.  I believe it is a critical infrastructure project for the Grand Strand and the state of South Carolina as a whole.A great read!Absolutely heart-breaking scenes from south Florida over the past two days.  We continue to send prayers to the families of those who have been killed, the many others who remain missing, and the first responders who are working around the clock in the search for survivors.Between fear of the Left and general incompetence, the last six months of the Biden Administration have been a disaster both at home and abroad for our economy and foreign policy.I cant imagine any other Republican had that impression.  I cant believe the Biden Administration expects such an obvious bait and switch tactic motivated by fear of the Left to work in the Senate and be respected by the American people.No deal by extortion! It was never suggested to me during these negotiations that President Biden was holding hostage the bipartisan infrastructure proposal unless a liberal reconciliation package was also passed.I don't mind working with the other side for the common good, but I'm not going to be extorted by liberal Democrats or anyone else.  So much for President Biden as the moderate deal-maker!If reports are accurate that President Biden is refusing to sign a bipartisan deal unless reconciliation is also passed, that would be the ultimate deal breaker for me.It is clear to me that criminals are not going to comply with new wide-ranging gun laws. We would just be making it harder for people to lawfully own weapons to protect themselves and their families at a time when there is a surge in crime and violence.Mr. Chipmans record on lawful and responsible gun ownership is horrible. His philosophy reduces the ability of lawful gun owners to protect themselves and their families.I vigorously opposed the nomination of David Chipman to be the new Director of ATF. He is the wrong man for the job at the wrong time.I am confident Cindy will be a great partner to Governor David Beasley, who is in charge of the World Food Programme. She will be a great ambassador for this important cause, and I look forward to her confirmation.Congratulations to @CindyMcCain for being nominated by President Biden to serve as U.S. Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture. Cindy is incredibly well-qualified, having traveled the world dealing with human trafficking and food security issues.Unless theres an emphasis on prosecution and supporting the police more aggressively with funding and resources, the crime wave will continue.What is missing in this plan is an emphasis on prosecuting people, stopping crazy bail reform where people get out within hours of being detained, and showing more support for police rather than defunding the police.The problem with President Bidens five point plan is it doesnt address the root causes of the surge in violence in America.  Itd be like going to the doctor with a broken leg and they give you ear drops it doesnt do much to help your broken leg.Speaking now with @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews. Tune in!Only question is, what will the takeaways be from VP Harriss visit? Will she come back with a dose of reality, or will she try to sugarcoat the disaster?No doubt in my mind that Vice President Harriss long-overdue visit to the U.S.-Mexico border was prompted by President Trumps decision to visit the border next week. The Biden/Harris team could not afford to allow Trump to visit the border first. Great job, President Trump.Speaking with @seanhannity on @FoxNews in just a few minutes. Tune in!Simply put, this is the biggest power-grab in modern American history. S.1 has nothing to do with making voting easier it has everything to do with skewing the system in a fashion to benefit the liberal agenda. I enthusiastically voted no.This bill institutes ballot harvesting an insane idea for the nation at large. It does away with voter ID requirements and takes away from states the ability to draw congressional districts based on redistricting.S.1 was written by liberal Democrats for liberal Democrats to gain control over our nations election process.Morgan is dead right for the State Department not to criticize the Iranian election is beyond mystifying. When it comes to Iran, the Biden Administration clearly has a blind spot.I believe that this decision by the Biden Administration to withdraw all forces and not stay engaged with Pakistan is a major disaster in the making, even worse than the blunder in Iraq.How do we expect our withdrawal from Afghanistan to be effective without coordinating with Pakistan? Clearly the Biden Administration believes that our problems in Afghanistan are behind us.Stunning to hear that President Biden hasnt reached out to the Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan regarding the U.S.-Pakistan relationship and Afghanistan.Human smugglers are coming right up to the U.S. border with impunity. Each day the problem grows worse. Each day the Biden Administration becomes more hapless. It is time for congressional Democrats to join the Republicans to stop the madness.The southern border is in complete chaos, and the Biden Administration is not lifting a finger to stop what is going to become an invasion of illegal immigrants.Joining @FoxNewsSunday at 9:00 am on @FoxNews. Tune in!To this day, Im amazed at the ability of the families to forgive and try to make something meaningful come from this tragedy. God bless the victims and their families.Its hard to believe its been six years since the tragic and senseless attack against the pastor and parishioners of Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston. It is a day that Ill never forget.Ill be speaking shortly on the power-grab that is S.1 WATCH:HAPPENING NOW: Speaking at a press conference on the introduction of the International Cybercrime Prevention Act.  WATCH:ICYMI  Joined Brian @kilmeade last night to react to the Biden-Putin summit.  WATCH:The leadership of Russia and China are beyond shame. They will only respond to pressure. If you dont understand that, you dont understand the dynamics America faces regarding Russia and China.China will never open up their lab to international scientific examination until the world punishes China through concrete steps that make it so hard for China to avoid cooperating.Again, President Biden doesnt understand China. They could care less about what the world believes regarding their image. They care about the bottom line, which is protecting their self-interests.When asked about what efforts he would take to make sure China cooperated with an investigation regarding the origin of the coronavirus, President Biden reinforced the idea that China wants to be considered a normal country & theyre worried about their reputation with the world.President Biden did it again regarding China.Putin could care less about how the world views his efforts to silence dissidents at home and abroad. Again, quite frankly, I think he enjoys the reputation of being someone you dont want to cross. Very dangerous observations by President Biden regarding Putin.Equally disturbing was the statement by President Biden telling Putin that if harm came to dissident Alexei Navalny that it would hurt Putins standing with the rest of the world. Again I believe President Biden has miscalculated who he is dealing with.Also, I believe Russia is proud of their efforts in interfering in our elections and will not stop until theyre made to do so.It is clear to me that Putin could care less about how hes viewed by others and, quite frankly, would enjoy the reputation of being able to successfully interfere in the internal matters of other countries.It is very disturbing to hear President Biden suggest that it would hurt Putins standing if people throughout the world believed he interfered in our election or the elections of other nations.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the latest on #COVID19 and the possibility it came from a lab leak in Wuhan, China.Speaking with @TGowdySC at 7:00 pm on @FoxNews Channel. Tune in!ICYMI  I spoke with @IngrahamAngle last night about Biden foreign policy and the possibility of #COVID19 coming from a Wuhan lab leak.  WATCH:Speaking with Brian @kilmeade at 11:30 AM on @foxnewsradio about my oped on China, the Wuhan lab leak, and the impact on the 2020 presidential election. LISTEN:  OPED:It appears the Biden Administration is too stubborn to change course and has learned nothing from the Iraq withdrawal and other misadventure.  You see - in real-time - yet another chapter being written in the Joe Biden book of foreign policy disasters.  So sad and dangerous.In my view there is still time to change course and commit to a residual force of several thousand US troops to prevent the collapse of Afghanistan and prevent the rise of radical Islamist groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda.Media reports indicate the Pentagon may be prepared to use air power if the Taliban threatens to take over Kabul, #AfghanistanNo doubt in my mind the combination of prominent scientists coming out against the lab leak theory, along with officials from the State Department shutting down additional inquiries, ended up being 2 of the most consequential events in the 2020 election.Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on Fox News about the situation on our southern border and the latest on the possibility of a #COVID19 lab leak form Wuhan, China.  Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm on Fox News about media reports the #COVID19 virus originated from a lab leak in Wuhan, China.Visiting @_PremierMedical to discuss recent reports and speculation the COVID-19 virus originated from a lab leak in Wuhan, China. WATCH:Can you imagine a Mideast where everybodys got a nuclear weapon?  Thats where were headed.We must thoroughly investigate this matter and get to the source of COVID-19.  The American people, and the world at large, deserve to know the source of the COVID-19 pandemic.In this case, the desired outcome was there could be no way COVID-19 came from a leak from Wuhan Lab because it would mean President Trump was right and also expose American scientists for collaborating with Chinese scientists.Based on what we now know, this appears to be very similar behavior to what we saw with the discredited Christopher Steele / Russian Dossier simply ignoring information that gets in the way of a desired outcome.It appears that the Deep State may have a science department!  It is imperative Congress investigate whether or not State Department and NIH officials suppressed attempts to determine if #Covid19 came from a lab leak in Wuhan, China.We believe there is a way to achieve a compromise that will find support among the countries of the region, meet Irans stated goal for peaceful nuclear power and avoid an arms race in the Middle East.The more Hezbollah, Hamas and Iran try to destroy #Israel, the more I want to help.There is a common misperception that those of us who opposed the Iran nuclear deal are simply opposed to diplomacy with Iran. Nothing could be further from the truth.Congratulations to @Isaac_Herzog on begin elected President of Israel by the Knesset.   Ive known Isaac for many years and consider him a friend. He will be a great representative for the State of Israel to the world at large.   Congratulations!@IsraeliPM If you dont understand this, youre making the biggest mistake since Neville Chamberlins Munich Agreement with Hitler. I urge the Middle and Left of Israeli politics to set the American Left straight as to the true nature of this conflict while we still have time.Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon are radical Islamic groups that wish to destroy the Jewish state not because of @IsraeliPM Netanyahu but because of their religion.To those on the American Left who believe that the conflict between Hamas and Israel has been spurred on by right wing politics in Israel you do not understand the nature of the conflict.Iron Dome in southern Israel.From Ashkelon: 500 rockets a day.....30 seconds warning time.Day 2 in #Israel and on the way to Ashkelon.Will be speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 7:35 AM about the latest on US-Israel relations. Tune in!As we honor those who sacrificed their lives for our nation in military service on #MemorialDay2021, let us rededicate ourselves to keeping America the beacon of hope for mankind and a place worth dying for. God bless the fallen and their families.Great meeting this morning in Jerusalem with @IsraeliPM Netanyahu. 'More for Israel' to help protect and defend from Hamas rocket attacks.#MemorialDay2021There will be serious discussions about government funding.  But the Biden budget isnt serious and it wont be a part of those discussions.President Bidens budget is dead on arrival just like all other presidential budgets.  It is insanely expensive.  It dramatically increases nondefense spending and taxes.  Over time it will result in a weakened Department of Defense.Very sad to hear that @FosterFriess has passed away. He was a great businessman and incredibly generous to the conservative cause he believed in so strongly.  He will be tremendously missed by his family and legions of friends. May he rest in peace.Speaking with @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:10 pm about the latest on China, COVID-19, and a possible lab leak. Tune in!The only reason that Biden's doing this is its becoming untenable NOT to look into whether or not the virus originated in a Chinese lab. If the source of COVID-19 that turned the world upside down is from a lab in China, we need to hold China accountable.If the first cases of COVID-19 occurred in November with lab workers in Wuhan doesn't that make it more likely than not that the source of the virus was in the lab, not a wet market?If the source of #COVID19 the virus that turned the world upside down is from a lab in China, we need to hold China accountable.The only reason President Biden is doing this is it is becoming untenable NOT to look into whether the #COVID19 virus originated in a Chinese lab. We need to find out what happened so it never happens again.Speaking with Fox News at 1:30 pm about the latest on COVID-19, China lab leak, Russia, and more. Tune in!He had a hell of a ride, and my prayers are with his family and many friends at this time.He was one of the most distinguished people I have ever met and one of the most effective senators.  Senator Warner served his state and nation with great distinction.  He also looked the part - like he was right out of central casting - when it came to being a U.S. Senator.It was with great sadness that I learned of the passing of former Senator John Warner of Virginia.  As a Navy veteran and former Secretary of the Navy, he was one of the strongest supporters of the U.S. military.Reforming the police and supporting them more fully are not inconsistent......and that we create conditions for better recruitment and retention of character-driven officers to protect our streets and neighborhoods.Equally important is that police officers and departments have the resources to deal with issues that are dropped on their doorstep by society such as dealing with those who are mentally impaired.....The rise in crime throughout the country has to be dealt with in police reform.  In my view police reform has two goals:  Making sure abusive practices by the police are reformed with enhanced training, more transparency, and when it comes to wrongdoing - accountability.Great job and thank you to the members of the South Carolina law enforcement community, and their partners, for your hard work keeping us safe.I was fortunate enough to spend time at the tournament yesterday and today. The course is magnificent and the crowds are enthusiastic. Job well done to William Goodwin, Roger Warren, and the entire team at Kiawah.  You are making South Carolina proud!The @PGAChampionship at the Ocean Course in Kiawah Island, South Carolina is spectacular.  It is a great advertisement for our state and South Carolina is once again shining in the spotlight.I believe, if they could, Hamas would wipe Israel off the map.  LIVESTREAM STAND WITH ISRAEL RALLYStand with Israel rally in Charleston, South Carolina. LIVESTREAM:@IvanDuque I believe the President has struck the right balance and I will continue to support a strong relationship between Colombia and the United States as Colombia is an invaluable partner in the region.@IvanDuque President Duque committed his government to ensuring peaceful protests would continue, but protestors cannot be allowed to lock down cities and commerce.I had a very good talk with the President of Colombia, @IvanDuque, regarding the situation in his country.  It is always difficult to strike a balance between supporting peaceful protesters and dealing with agitators who seek to destabilize.Listen to why we must #StandWithIsrael as I speak with Dr. Tony Beam on HisTalk Radio in Greenville. LISTEN NOW:Speaking with Dr. Tony Beam on HisTalk Radio in Greenville, South Carolina at 8:00 AM about why the United States must #StandwithIsrael. LISTEN LIVE:WATCH:Visiting @4aMauldin this morning and speaking on return to work and a possible infrastructure bill. WATCH:I look forward to working with Drew and others as we continue to build the party bigger and stronger! #scgopCongratulations to @DrewMcKissick on being overwhelmingly reelected as chairman of the @SCGOP. President Trump put it best Drew is a proven winner. 2020 was the best year in the history of South Carolina Republican Party at the local, state, and federal levels.Nows the time for all of us to say Thank You to our local men and women in Blue who put their lives on the line every day so we can live our lives peacefully and without fear.  #NationalPoliceWeek #BackTheBlueI spoke with Brian @kilmeade last night about the cyber attack on the Colonial pipeline and the recent attacks on Israel. WATCH:Republicans must win in 2022 to save America from becoming a socialist nation and having all our institutions fundamentally changed by the liberal left.I am hoping the Republican Party will understand the biggest threat to conservatism is not Donald Trump, but the liberal agenda being pushed by the Biden Administration and their radical allies.It was about her belief President Trump should be purged from the GOP and those who objected to the results of the 2020 election should be disqualified from future leadership positions.  As a result, the House GOP Conference has decided to move forward in a different direction.Todays decision by the House Republican Conference regarding Congresswoman Cheney was not about her vote for impeachment.Congresswoman Liz Cheney has been a solid conservative and strong voice on national security.  However, in my view, she has taken a position regarding former President Trump which is out of the mainstream of the Republican Party.It is important to remember the Hamas rockets being fired into Israel are, for the most part, made possible by Iranian support. What had been a relatively stable situation is rapidly deteriorating because of a lack of leadership by the Biden Administration.In response, Israeli Defense Forces respond with surgical strikes and try to limit civilian causalities as much as possible. In this fight it is clear Israel is the good guy and Hamas is the bad.A terrorist organization Hamas is indiscriminately firing dozens of rockets into Israel hoping to kill as many civilians as possible.Speaking with @marthamaccallum today at 3:00 pm on Fox News Channel. Tune in!My thoughts and prayers are with the Libyan people as they try to chart a new way forward. I will do all in my power to be helpful.I, along with my congressional colleagues, will do everything possible to help ensure that the December election is free and fair. It is important that all aspects of Libyan government meet the deadlines and make the necessary changes to ensure a successful election.I had a very good call with Libyan Prime Minister Abdulhamid AlDabaiba about the upcoming December elections in Libya. The unity government led by Prime Minister AlDabaiba is the best hope for a bright Libyan future.Also, the likelihood of terrorists taking advantage of this horrible situation goes up every day.  Its past time we stop this madness!The border policies of the Biden Administration are a complete failure and are leading to a massive increase in illegal immigration with no end in sight.  Our southern border has become a joke as people are walking across the river into the US and directed to shelters.Governor McMasters decision will jumpstart the service industry, which has suffered greatly during the pandemic. I know many have lost work due to no fault of their own, but it is now time to let the economy open fully depending on employer wages, not government benefits.The federal unemployment benefit has made it almost impossible for service industry businesses to maintain their workforce. In a majority of cases, the unemployment benefits exceed wages earned from working.The federal unemployment benefit has had the effect of discouraging return to work, and it is now time for that program to come to an end.I completely support Governor @henrymcmasters decision to stop taking federal unemployment assistance at the end of next month instead of waiting for it to expire in September.ICYMI: @ForeignPolicy: Rejoining the Iran deal could undo years of progress in the Middle East.If you dont understand and acknowledge that the Biden policies are what is causing the surge there is no hope it will be fixed.Also, the new Biden Administration policy of processing all 16-year-old and younger unaccompanied minors in the United States has led to a dramatic increase in unaccompanied minors showing up at our border.Migrants are now processed in the United States and released.  That is why there is a tremendous surge of migrants across our southern border.The Biden Administration changed several key Trump administration policies, including changing the Remain in Mexico policy back to the failed policy of Catch and Release.The Biden Administrations recent statements that the surge in illegal immigration is not due to their policies is insane, offensive, and just plain wrong.Tom Coburn was an iconic conservative with joy in his heart who was beloved by all - friend and foe alike. Rest in peace my dear friend.I just attended the most amazing, joyful, and spiritual celebration of former Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn's life. It was a joy to celebrate Tom and Carolyn's lives as well as the entire Coburn clan.  I was honored to be in attendance.WATCH the @McCainInstitute #SedonaForum21 ONLINE:The biggest fear many of us have is Afghanistan will become another safe haven for al Qaeda, ISIS, and other radical Islamic terrorist because of their shared goals with the Taliban.  As we approach the 20th anniversary of 9/11 dangerous times ahead.Al Qaedas recent announcement of deep ties to the Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan should come as no surprise. The Obama/Biden blunder in Iraq is playing out in real time in Afghanistan with even deadlier consequences on the horizon.WATCH at 1:45 PM ET:  #SedonaForum21To the despicable liberals who are trying to smear my good friend @senatorTimScott  all because he dares to be conservative and proud of it you are failing miserably.  Hes getting stronger by the day! #TimScottSpeechThe silence says it all.I like our chances in #2022.  @SenatorTimScotts America is a very appealing place.After last night the differences between the modern Democratic and Republican parties are crystal clear.  The Democratic political solar system revolves around Government.  The Republican political solar system is centered on We the People.My friend and colleague @SenatorTimScott did an outstanding job representing the conservative point of view and the state of South Carolina last night!Speaking with @seanhannity on @FoxNews in just a few minutes about the #BidenAddress and the great response from my colleague, @SenatorTimScott. Tune in!I've never been more proud of @SenatorTimScott than I am tonight.  He did an outstanding job representing the conservative point of view and the state of South Carolina!Great observation by @SenWhitehouse. I hope people understand that if the past is any indication, we are in for a world of trouble in Afghanistan.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm on Fox News Channel about President Bidens first 100 days in office.Visiting the MUSC vaccination center in North Charleston. WATCH:This is a twisted, pathetic attempt by the Washington Post to attack Senator Scott because he is a threat to liberal Democrats.  Just when you thought journalism at the mainstream media outlets like the Washington Post could not get any worse or go any lower they just did.The Washington Post story claiming my friend and colleague, @SenatorTimScott, did not come from humble beginnings because an ancestor (his great-great grandfather) once owned 900 acres is beyond a joke.  To somehow claim Tim came from the landed gentry is quite a stretch.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:00 pm about the Democrat power grabs in Congress. #HR1 #SCOTUS #DCStatehood LISTEN:Packing the court is a power-grab. HR1 is a power-grab. The filibuster elimination is a power-grab.  So, the Joe Biden presidency is not problem solving thus far.  It's the biggest power-grab in my lifetime.With @tedcruz and @MarshaBlackburn talking about Democrats plan to expand the Supreme Court. WATCH:With @tedcruz and @MarshaBlackburn discussing our opposition to Democrats plan to expand the number of justices on the Supreme Court  WATCH:Will be with @tedcruz and @MarshaBlackburn this morning at 10:30 AM in front of the #SCOTUS discussing our opposition to Democrat Court-packing.I hope it doesnt get to this point for the sake of the country.Republican needs to make it clear that if there is an effort to change the filibuster to pass the Democrats radical agenda we, as Republicans, will use all the tools in the toolbox to stop the power grab including the denial of a quorum.To borrow a phrase from Senator Schumer, when it comes to standing up to the most radical agenda in US Senate history - All options are on the table for Republicans.Very sad to hear of the passing of former Vice President Walter Mondale.  He served his country with great distinction and was passionate about his causes. A true public servant who will be missed.  My prayers are with his family and friends.Very sad to hear of the passing of former Vice President Walter Mondale. He served his country with great distinction and was passionate about his causes. A true public servant who will be missed. My prayers are with his family and friends.Speaking with guest host @bdomenech tonight on Fox News Channel 'Primetime' at 7:30 pm. Tune in!@SecBlinken Its also contrary to the intelligence assessment about a non-conditions based withdrawal.  Time will tell if hes right.I was very surprised to hear @SecBlinken say over the weekend that the terrorist threat in #Afghanistan has moved on.  This surely surprised the intelligence and military communities who have been watching this very closely.However, I very seriously doubt it as I have seen this movie in Iraq and I fear that over time Afghanistan will become worse. It is important history judge those who make these decisions fairly but firmly.For the sake of our nation, the people of Afghanistan, and the entire region I hope President Biden and former President Trump are proven right and our military and intelligence communities are proven wrong.We will see if General Biden and General Trumps withdrawal strategy turns out to be sound national security policy.The intelligence regarding withdrawal is ominous for U.S. interests and no one believes the Taliban can be trusted to police al-Qaeda and ISIS as envisioned by the Biden-Trump plan.These forces act as an insurance policy to prevent the rise of ISIS and al-Qaeda, which threaten the American homeland, as well as to prevent another Afghan civil war.Im well aware our military and intelligence communities argued strenuously to both President Biden and President Trump that a small but capable residual counter-terrorism force be left in Afghanistan.With all due respect to former President Trump, there is nothing wonderful or positive about allowing safe havens and sanctuary for terrorists to reemerge in Afghanistan or see Afghanistan be drawn back into another civil war.I could not disagree more with former President Trump regarding his support for President Bidens withdrawal of all forces from Afghanistan against sound military advice.Praying for a speedy recovery and sending best wishes to my good friend and former VP @Mike_Pence.I hope the American people are watching and realizing the Biden Administration is creating chaos on multiple fronts because they reject sound advice from professionals across the board.President Biden is putting the Iranian threat back on steroids and creating future conflicts in the Middle East greater than the ones he inherited.President Biden turned down recommendations from our Border Patrol professionals to leave systems in place that were working. Our border is being overrun now.Joe Knows Best is getting a bit old and has never worked out.  President Biden was VP Biden when he argued against the military recommendations regarding Iraq.The Biden team includes the same people who argued for a complete withdrawal from Iraq, which caused the rise of ISIS.   General Biden has been wrong about every military decision in recent memory, and he is putting America in a very dangerous position.The Biden Administration is openly making clear they rejected sound military advice to keep a residual force in Afghanistan.  They are bragging about the fact Biden stood up to the generals and rejected their advice.Speaking with @marthamaccallum on Fox News in just a few minutes about the liberals push to pack the Supreme Court and the Biden decision to withdraw from Afghanistan.  Tune in!Its why I and so many others strongly oppose this most radical, destabilizing idea for the Rule of Law in America.If successful, this would inevitably lead to changing the number of Supreme Court Justices every time there is a shift in power.  Over time that would surely make the Supreme Court a political football, destroying its effectiveness and independence.Those pushing this idea are among the most liberal in the entire Congress.  They are trying to dilute the conservative majority of the Court by implementing the radical policy of Court-packing.I cannot say it better than two members of the liberal bloc on the Court, Justice Ginsberg and Justice Breyer: changing the number of justices on the Court does tremendous damage to the Court itself.Expanding the Supreme Court is a terrible idea.  I strongly oppose this proposal and will vote against it should it come up for a vote.When it comes to fighting radical Islam, you have two choices: fight them in their backyard or fight them in yours.Speaking with @tperkins from @FRCdc in just a few minutes. WATCH:Press conference at 3:30 pm on #Afghanistan via @ABC. WATCH:Press conference on President Bidens decision to withdraw all troops from Afghanistan.  3:30 pm Senate Radio-TV Gallery Washington, DCWill hold a press conference this afternoon to respond to President Bidens decision to withdraw troops from #Afghanistan.  3:30 pm Senate Radio-TV Gallery Washington, DCSpeaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the Biden decision to withdraw from #Afghanistan. Tune in!If reports are accurate that President Biden is withdrawing all forces from Afghanistan by September of this year, it is a disaster in the making.  A full withdrawal from #Afghanistan is so irresponsible, it makes the Biden Administration policies at the border look sound.Foreign tyrants, terrorists, and thugs can use these platforms but a former President of the United States cannot.  How absurd.  Lets go to court.Its time for censorship by #BigTech to receive legal scrutiny.  Their efforts to censor conservative content are offensive.  Its my hope President Trump will lead the legal way and file suit against Big Tech because what they are doing is wrong.A World War II veteran who answered his nations call, he will be remembered as a consequential figure in the history of the British people.  May he Rest In Peace.The passing of Prince Philip is a bittersweet moment an incredibly well-lived life full of duty, honor, and service to the Queen and country.HR1 is the biggest power grab in history and Arizona and other states are right to push back.  Im glad they are making their voices heard.  I only hope the Democrats in Congress who are pushing this horrible piece of legislation are listening.Very much appreciate the Arizona Legislature and Arizona Governor @dougducey recognizing and speaking out about the damage #HR1 would do to Arizona and every other state.Thank you to dedicated doctors and nurses at @theprismahealth, the men and women of the @SCNationalGuard, and the @UofSC for your hard work on this worthwhile endeavor.Great visit yesterday to the vaccination center at Gamecock Park in Columbia right across the street from Williams Brice Stadium.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:25 pm about the disastrous situation at our southern border. Tune in!This is the biggest power grab in modern American history being pushed by the most radical people in modern American history to change the way we vote -- to destroy the integrity of the ballot box. We will not stand for it in South Carolina.Happening now:Speaking soon with Gov. @henrymcmaster on the negative impact H.R. 1 would have on South Carolina elections.  WATCH:This had to be willful, and I hope people at @60Minutes will make corrections. If not, thats all you need to know about @60Minutes in 2021.We now know that the Mayor of Palm Beach countys statements wouldve changed the entire narrative about pay to play. It is clear to me it was intentionally left out.@60Minutes has a long history of investigating abuse of power. Unfortunately, it is clear to me the segment on Governor DeSantis was about creating a narrative, not reporting the facts.The @60Minutes story accusing Governor DeSantis of pay to play regarding vaccine distribution was a terrible political hit job.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade today on @foxnewsradio at 10:30 am about the latest on the border situation. Tune in!  LISTEN LIVE:Is the Biden Administration undermining the work to stop the spread of COVID-19 with the current policies and procedures in place? I think so, but Dr. Fauci is the expert.My letter to Dr. Fauci urging him to travel to the U.S.-Mexico border to survey what many consider to be a public health crisis related to the surge of migration from Central America.Great effort and a truly heartbreaking loss for @GamecockWBB in the #WFinalFour. We are proud of you and your great season! #ForeverToThee@MLB @JoeBiden I hope the people of Georgia remember this in 2022 when they will have a chance to check/stop the Biden agenda in the Georgia US Senate race.@MLB The good people of Georgia, remember President @JoeBiden called your efforts to secure voting Jim Crow and supported a boycott of the All-Star game being played in Atlanta.  Georgia voting laws are not Jim Crow, theyre common-sense reforms to ensure robust and legal voting.@MLB This is an insult to the people of Georgia who are trying to create a robust voting system and maintain integrity at the ballot box.  I promise you this will not go unanswered by legislative bodies and millions of Americans.What a pathetic and weak decision by @MLB to give in to the Radical Lefts false attack on Georgia voting laws!God Bless them as we mourn yet another senseless death and injury.Another tragic day at the U.S. Capitol with the death and injury of Capitol Hill Police officers protecting one of our national treasures.  The men and women of the Capitol Police risk it all to ensure elected officials and our staffs can conduct the nations business.@JoeBiden If you are worried about the spread of COVID, you should be gravely concerned about what is happening at our southern border.  There is no end in sight on this super-spreader event until these policies are changed.@JoeBiden Dr. Fauci, does COVID-science justify President Bidens handling of migrants from Central America?@JoeBiden Migrants in these facilities are intermingled and on top of each other.  After being around COVID-positives, they are dumped off in Texas and taken to other parts of the country furthering the spread.@JoeBiden Thousands of migrants from Central America are coming into the country with a 10% COVID-positive rate.  They have 900 people staying in a room built for 80 overcrowded by more 1,000%!Paging Dr. Fauci: You need to go to the southern border and witness in person the biggest super spreader event in the nation President @JoeBiden's immigration policies.Speaking with @IngrahamAngle on Fox News in just a few minutes about opposition to HR1 and the situation at the border. Tune in!This is a must read and articulates the way forward for the Biden Administration regarding Iran. How the Biden Administration handles the Iranians will be of consequence to the world.@PalmettoArmory You can watch the visit and full press conference at @PalmettoArmory.  @foxcarolinanews:  @WSPA7:  @wyffnews4:The ability to own a gun responsibly is a constitutional right in America, and here's what I would say:  We need that right today, as much as any other time in American history!@PalmettoArmory It's not impossible to find yourself in the modern world without any police protection, because that's just the way the times are in which we live in.  We're talking about defunding the police!@PalmettoArmory Now, why would anybody need to own an AR-15?  If there is a breakdown of law and order, and that can happen -- we've seen it happen in our major cities.  Remember Hugo, where people were isolated for days? Remember Katrina?In 1994, there was an Assault Weapons Ban the evidence indicates that there was really no change at all in crime, because the crooks are going to get a gun!  Today at @PalmettoArmory I fired one of the weapons they are trying to ban. #2AGo see for yourself. The Border Patrol and Customs agents dealing with this chaos will tell you the truth - it will be up to you to listen and accept the truth. Stop the madness.Theyre being overwhelmed - thousands of young people are being placed at risk, and the Biden Administration is incentivizing illegal immigration at unprecedented levels.To AOC and other Members of Congress who deny the incredible surge of illegal immigrants at our Southern border: it is incumbent upon you to visit and speak with the Border Patrol agents dealing with the chaos.@Facebook @LaraLeaTrump Time to Repeal Section 230.  Stay in the fight, Lara!Big Techs war on conservatism and all things Trump needs to stop.   Now, @Facebook has decided @LaraLeaTrump cannot interview her father-in-law.   Who makes these decisions? The liberals running Big Tech.Congratulations to @GamecockWBB for making the Final Four.  Best of luck in bringing another @ncaawbb Championship home!If you really believe banning AR-15s is the answer to the problem, Senator Schumer should bring the assault weapons ban to the floor of the Senate for a vote.  Im not afraid to vote. #2AIf you have a family member here illegally, the U.S. taxpayer is going to pay to reunite the family illegally. That incentivizes more illegal immigration. If the Biden Administration doesnt change policy, nothing will change its only going to get worse.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 about the Biden Administrations disastrous immigration policies and the push for gun control. Tune in!#HR1 is the biggest power grab in the history of the country.Look forward to joining @FoxNewsSunday this morning to discuss immigration, our trip to the border, abolishing the filibuster and more. Local Listings;It makes no sense for the Biden Administration to stop construction of the border wall.ICYMI: What is happening at our southern border is a problem of the Biden Administration's own making.Press conference from the US-Mexico border. WATCH:  via @YouTubeLast night at the US-Mexico border:  Migrants are not trying to avoid detection they are trying to get caught.  There is a loophole in our law which incentives bringing 6 year old children with you to the border.  Its a humanitarian tragedy..and literally insane policy.If the filibuster is a holdover from the Jim Crow era why did 27 Democrats sign a 2017 letter encouraging the GOP to not abolish the filibuster when we were in charge?  President Biden & his Democratic colleagues are taking hypocrisy to a new level.President Bidens news conference today makes our immigration problems worse.  He doesnt have the situational awareness to fix the problem because he doesnt understand the problem.  What he did today was entice people to come, not deter them from coming.Whats sad is that President Biden doesnt understand the basics about the current dynamic at the border and the pull factors of illegal immigration.The Trump policies created dramatic decreases in illegal immigration.  The changes made by President Biden have created a virtual human tsunami.With all due respect, this press conference is hard to watch. The misinformation being given by President Biden on immigration is stunning.  Its clear he does not have the situational awareness he needs to understand what is going on at the border or how to fix it.The Biden Administration needs to make border conditions transparent.Headed to the border today will be disappointed if U.S. government agencies don't allow media to look at conditions regarding housing for migrant children.  This wasn't tolerated by the media during Trump Administration & shouldn't be tolerated now.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @FoxNews at 7:00 pm about the crisis on our southern border and Senate Democrats efforts to eliminate the filibuster. Tune in!Press conference on Secure and Protect Act of 2021 has begun.  WATCH:Watch press conference on Secure and Protect Act of 2021 at 11:00 am. LIVE:The current situation at our southern border is beyond a crisis.  Today Im introducing the Secure and Protect Act of 2021 to fix broken policies and stop abuse of our asylum laws.  The border will continue to be overrun unless the Biden Administration changes course.Will be holding a press conference this morning to introduce the Secure and Protect Act of 2021.  The legislation will stop asylum abuse at our southern border. 11:00 am Senate Radio-TV Gallery S-325Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm on Fox News about the situation on our southern border. Tune in!@AOC President Bidens words are meaningless when he says Dont Come because he is doing nothing to implement policy changes to make it more than rhetoric.  Its very sad and very dangerous.@AOC Their voices are clearly winning the current debate.The Democrats internal war on immigration is playing out in real time.  There is a strong faction within the Democrat Party, led by @AOC, who want illegal immigrants to come, never be deported, and receive federal benefits such as health care.Both #Russia and #China are going to learn about American civics.  The American people are united around holding them accountable for their misdeeds.While there is division in America, which is real, there is unanimity around the concept that the Chinese communist party is one of the worlds bad actors.  #ChinaThe situation is bad and only going to get worse.  Unless there is immediate and drastic change, the worst is yet to come by far.The solutions are obvious but will require an understanding that the Biden Administrations early policy choices to abandon Trumps successful border policies was a mistake.  It is time for DHS Secretary Mayorkas to change course or change jobs.It is clear to me the Biden Administration has lost control of the border.  Under its current leadership it doesnt have either the will or capability to fix the problem.REMINDER: TeleTown Hall tonight with South Carolina residents at 5:30 pm. Hope you can join!Biden has lost control of the US-Mexico border.If nothing else, the International Olympic Committee could at least move a few events out of China as a signal of their disapproval.Both the Biden and Trump Administrations have agreed that what is happening in China is a genocide. I would encourage the International Olympic Committee to explore alternative sites while genocide is in process against the Chinese Uighurs.Should we make the same mistake again?  We certainly dont want to penalize U.S. athletes, but we also dont want to reward the Chinese communists.The 1936 Olympics, in many ways, legitimized Hitlers Germany to the detriment of millions of Jews and others oppressed by the Nazis.  In 2022, it will be the Uighurs and freedom itself oppressed by the Chinese communists.  Not exactly the venue to uphold the Olympic spirit!Much legitimate concern about the 2022 #WinterOlympics being hosted by communist China, one of the great human rights oppressors in the world.  In my view, there are very few countries on the planet more antagonistic to the Olympic spirit than communist China.Do you have questions about the most important issues facing our state and nation? If so, join me TOMORROW night for a Tele-Town hall.  South Carolina residents can call-in at (877) 228-2184 and use PIN: 110055.  I hope to hear from you!I hope conservatives throughout the nation appreciate my friend Tim Scott. He is truly a fighter for the conservative cause.  Stay strong, my friend.  We have your back!He is the strongest advocate for school choice the best hope for struggling communities. And the Opportunity Zones that he sponsored will improve the lives of people in disadvantaged communities.The conservative movement is so lucky to have my good friend and colleague Senator Tim Scott as one of our leaders.  Tim is one of the strongest voices in America for conservative solutions to help disadvantaged neighborhoods and people.Im calling on Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas if you dont understand that we have a crisis on our southern border then you need to resign.ICYMI: Spoke with @TGowdySC last night about border security, immigration, and reparations in the recently passed COVID 'Relief' legislation. WATCH:Speaking with @TGowdySC tonight at 7:00 pm on Fox News 'Primetime.' Tune in!Russia has been a bad actor in Libya, and I'm hoping that Russia and other nations who have supported mercenary groups will stand down for the benefit of the region. Libya has been a good partner regarding terrorism, and it's now time to rebuild Libya.It is imperative that the world community support Libya, because a stable Libya is good for North Africa and the world at large. It is now time for all mercenary forces to withdraw from Libya, give the Libyan people the breathing space to move forward together.The interim unity government will need to unite a fractured nation to improve the lives of its people, provide essential services, and prepare for national elections in December.Very pleased to hear that the Libyan parliament approved the proposed transitional administration.I hope the American people understand this bill is not about COVID.This legislation is about social engineering and a liberal wish list come true. I predict the legislation will not age well over time.This bill provides stimulus payments to illegal immigrants and prisoners. It also has an egregious reparations provision forgiving loans based on race and without any type of means-test.This is the first time weve been unable to achieve a bipartisan result when it comes to COVID relief.With House passage of the COVID-19 so-called relief bill, it now moves forward to President Bidens desk. 90% of the money does not directly deal with COVID relief. Only 1% of the money goes to vaccines.Couldnt agree more.One of the Biden administrations first actions upon taking office was to eliminate the Remain in Mexico policy implemented by President Trump.Migrants would travel to the U.S.-Mexico border, locate a Customs and Border Protection official, turn themselves in, and request asylum.By their words and actions, the Biden administration is emboldening smugglers and enticing migrants to come.  I fear that we will soon see caravan after caravan again forming in the Northern Triangle countries and headed toward the United States.President Trump drew some tough lines in the sand when it came to dealing with migrants seeking to game the system.  And the fact of the matter is what he did worked!Our Customs and Border Protection officials are heroes for the work they do in securing our border and legal ports of entry. They should be given the tools they need to do their jobs but the Biden administration is making that nearly impossible.I was dumbfounded to find that there are holes in the wall because the Biden administration has issued an order to stop construction on the wall. I visited one site where the panels were already stacked on the ground and ready to be put up.It is only a matter of time until coyotes and other human traffickers spread the word throughout Central America that the Biden administration has returned us to the old, failed way of doing business.Barely six weeks into the new administration, we already see an uptick in the number of adults and unaccompanied minors showing up at our southern border.In 2018 and 2019, Customs and Border Protection officials were overwhelmed by asylum seekers from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, also known as the Northern Triangle countries.Whether it is the Biden administrations reversal of the Remain in Mexico policy or stopping construction of the border wall, the stage is being set for a return to the lawlessness and chaos we saw at our southern border in 2018 and 2019.Despite recent claims by Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas that there is no crisis at our southern border, there is a major crisis brewing due to the misguided policies of the Biden administration.Reckless immigration policies Biden team has no one to blame but themselves Read my full oped atHe has been a great friend, wise counsel, and strong voice for conservatism with a heart. I wish Roy and his wonderful family well. I know he will be working hard for the people of Missouri and our country until his final day in office.While I completely understand Roys decision, it hits hard because Senator Blunt is one of the most effective, thoughtful, and smartest members of the body.  Roy has always had a way of bringing people together, looking for Win-Win solutions.Another big blow to the United States Senate with the announcement that Senator @RoyBlunt will not seek reelection.Now speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News Channel.Speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News Channel @SundayFutures in just a few minutes.  Tune in!Speaking with Fox News Channel @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10 AM on @SundayFutures.  Tune in!Press Conference Live Stream from Senate Radio-TV Gallery WATCH:UPDATE: Will hold a press conference today at 4:15 pm on the COVID-19 debate in the U.S. Senate. LOCATION: Senate Radio-TV Gallery S-325That will make it easier for business to re-open and our economy to rebound from COVID-19. For that dastardly position he has been held hostage for more than 3 hours.  Wondering if the Geneva Convention applies to his status in the U.S. Senate?  #SaveJoeIts clear liberal Democrat forces are up to no good when it comes to West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin.  Manchin is trying to make sure someone receiving unemployment benefits DOES NOT EARN MORE than someone who gets up and goes to work.The beams are on the ground waiting to be up! What are we waiting for?  This is dumb, even by the standards of the federal government!  Here is our video of gaps in the Border Wall.I saw this with my own eyes two weeks ago in Arizona. Its ridiculous the Biden Administration wont allow them to put the beams in place and complete these gaps in the Border Wall.ICYMI: Spoke about the $1.9 trillion #COVID19 legislation Democrats are preparing to jam through the Senate without GOP support.  90% of the money is unrelated to COVID.   Democrats are using reconciliation to fund their liberal wish list! WATCH:Even Neanderthals would say the Biden policy makes no sense!If Texas policy of trying to return to normal after a vaccine has been developed and being distributed - is Neanderthal then what do you call the Biden Administration decision to release migrants into the United States who test positive for COVID-19?So much for Biden being the 'unity' President. Before President Biden we had unity in COVID relief, but no more. So sad.Tomorrow, Democrats will jam a $1.9 trillion package through the Senate without Republican support claiming it to be COVID relief. However, 90% of the money is unrelated to COVID.  Democrats are using reconciliation to fund their liberal wish list.@SenatorTimScott Tim has incredible influence in the United States Senate and is an indispensable voice for the future of South Carolina.  I look forward to Tims reelection and regaining our Republican majority in 2022.  President Trump will be a major factor in this critical effort.I really appreciate President Trump coming out early and strong in support of my good friend, @SenatorTimScott reelection.  Tim is one of the most talented people I have ever known.Word is out all over Central America that the old way of doing business is now back in place. Very much a crisis at our border.With all due respect to Secretary Mayorkas, youre missing a lot. I just got back from the border. People are very worried about losing control of the border because of the Biden Administrations decision to cancel the Remain in Mexico policy regarding asylum.About to question Christopher A. Wray, Director of the FBI in Senate Judiciary Committee. WATCH:Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm. Tune in!Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @foxnewsradio. LISTEN:Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @foxnewsradio at 10:05 am this morning. LISTEN LIVE:Very supportive of this strike and hope it will create necessary deterrence in the future.Appreciate Biden Administration striking Iranian-backed militia groups in Syria whove been pushing attacks against American forces in Iraq and other locations. It is imperative that our enemies know that attacking Americans comes at a cost.This decision reinforces reconciliation cannot be used as a vehicle to pass major legislative change - by either party - on a simple majority vote.  This decision will, over time, reinforce the traditions of the Senate.Very pleased the Senate Parliamentarian has ruled that a minimum wage increase is an inappropriate policy change in reconciliation.I could not agree more with @LeaderMcConnell that Democrats are pushing a wildly liberal agenda on the American economy and their immigration policies are going to lead to another run on our border. Working together, the Republican Party will come roaring back in 2022.Very good statement by Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell tonight on @FoxNews indicating that hes bullish on the Republican Partys future in 2022 and beyond and is looking forward not backwards.I grew up in the back of the Sanitary Caf in Central, South Carolina. When I was old enough I ran the poolroom. I know what its like for businesses to have to absorb increased costs. A $15 national minimum wage is a really bad idea.Many small businesses in South Carolina, who are being hurt by limited tourism and COVID restrictions on their business, are struggling to keep the lights on and doors open.The last thing we need is Washington adding to their problems.Thank you to Carl Sobocinski of Table 301 in Greenville for testifying today before the Senate Budget Committee. He made a compelling case that raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour while we are still suffering from a pandemic would have a negative impact on small businesses.Jamming a $1.9 trillion COVID package through Congress is the furthest thing from unity I've ever seen. President Biden: work with Republicans and find a better way forward.South Carolina restaurant owner Carl Sobocinski will share his experience with working in and owning several restaurants and how it would impact his business.Senate Budget Committee hearing today at 10:15 am on the Democrats push to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour, especially when Americans are facing hardships during the COVID-19 pandemic. WATCH:Participating in a press conference on the $15 per hour minimum wage. A nationwide $15 an hour minimum wage will increase costs to business at the same time governments are mandating restrictions on their operations.   WATCH:Will soon be questioning the Honorable Merrick Garland to be the next Attorney General of the United States. WATCH:The Biden Administration has apparently decided to stop construction and plugging this hole in the wall.  I'm going to make sure the Department of Homeland Security tells us why.In case anyone missed it, the only reason the hole in the wall exists is the Biden Administration refuses to finish construction.  The panels are ready to be put up!This is dumb, even by the standards of the federal government. You wont believe this....Great visit yesterday to Nogales, Arizona yesterday to meet with members of the Border Patrol, Customs enforcement and associated agencies to learn more about the impact Biden Administration decisions are having on immigration and asylum.My prayers are with his family and his many fans and friends throughout the country.  He fought the good fight.  #RIPRushLimbaughRush was a thought leader and passionate advocate who could throw a punch and take one too. I had the pleasure of getting to know him personally on the golf course and cherish my time with him.Conservatism has lost one of her giants and strongest advocates.  I first met #rushlimbaugh in 1995 when he helped my freshman class in the House put the GOP back in the majority for the first time in forty years.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes on @foxnews.  Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm on @FoxNews about the future of the @GOP and the end of the Senate impeachment trial. Tune in!I hope I will be proven wrong, but it seems that impeachment based on partisan differences seems to be becoming the norm, not the exception.I fear that if this model is followed in the future impeachment to disqualify one from holding office based on partisan hatred will become the norm.For the good of the country I hope this will be the last Senate impeachment where a President is impeached without a lawyer, without witnesses, and a trial record is built on hearsay upon hearsay.It was never the goal of the House to find out what happened on January 6 and then assign blame.  They were assigning complete and total blame to President Trump regardless.And using the standard of incitement the House Managers proposed, many politicians could find themselves on the wrong side of impeachments in the future.Instead, the case presented to the Senate by the House Managers was based on hearsay after hearsay combined with media reports.  The charge against former President Trump for inciting violence was contrary to the evidence.And the outrageous claim the First Amendment does not apply to political speech.  Due process, at even the most basic level could have avoided this debacle.This was an impeachment effort driven by passion and hatred against President Trump.  In their drive to convict former President Trump, the House Managers totally ignored bedrock legal standards.  No hearings in the House of Representatives.  No witnesses.  No testimony.There is no doubt that January 6 was one of the saddest days in American history. It will be part of President Trumps term in office.Her testimony is incredibly relevant to the incitement charge.Whether Speaker Pelosi, due to optics, refused requests by the Capitol Hill Police for additional resources like the National Guard?We can start with Speaker Pelosi to answer the question as to whether or not there was credible evidence of pre-planned violence before President Trump spoke?However, if the body wants witnesses, I am going to insist we have multiple witnesses.It is my firm belief that the House Managers are trying to investigate the case AFTER it was brought to the Senate.  It is better for the country to go to a final vote.If you want a delay, it will be a long one with many, many witnesses.I have found it wise to realize the source of these stories is the liberal media with an agenda.Isnt it a bit odd that these liberal news reports about impeachment, just like what happened during #BrettKavanaugh - which prove to be unreliable - always come out right before we are set to vote?For you to act surprised says more about your understanding of politics than anything else. And if you find these facts surprising, you have missed a lot about impeachment trials.BREAKING NEWS: To my friends in media - Have you not noticed questions from Democrat senators are designed to help the House managers reassert and rehabilitate their case. And 90% percent of questions from Republicans are designed to help the former Presidents defense team.Is accusing a member of the Senate who votes for acquittal of being a co-conspirator to the violent takeover of the Capitol an act of incitement subject to impeachment? Or just the rantings of an out-of-control partisan? After this trial, who knows.The 'Not Guilty' vote is growing after today.  I think most Republicans found the presentation by the House Managers offensive and absurd. FULL INTERVIEW:The 'Not Guilty' vote is growing after today.  I think most Republicans found the presentation by the House Managers offensive and absurd.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm on @FoxNews about Day 2 of the Senate impeachment trial.A hearing this morning at 10:00 am on the nomination of Ms. Neera Tanden, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget.  WATCH:Hopefully all the time allocated will not be used if it is clear that votes for a conviction are not there.I think the trial resolution agreed to by Minority Leader McConnell and Majority Leader Schumer with concurrence of House managers and former President Trumps defense team is fair to all concerned.Above all, Senator Shelby knows how to get things done. I look forward to working with him during his remaining time in the Senate.The people of Alabama have been well-served and taken care of by Senator Shelby during his long and distinguished career in the U.S. Senate. Senator Shelby has always been a champion for a strong military and a fighter for the conservative cause.Just heard the news @SenShelby will not seek reelection in 2022. I completely understand his decision but am disappointed because hes such an effective senator and important voice in the U.S. Senate.Very sad to hear of the passing of Susan Bayh, the wife of former Senator Bayh.She was an incredible woman who led a consequential life.I know this must be a difficult time for the Bayh family, and they remain in my prayers.At heart, George was an enlisted Marine who understood duty, honor, country.  As with all good marines, George Shultz sacrificed for his nation and made America stronger and safer. Rest in peace my friend.  My prayers are with his lovely wife and incredible family.He was always a steady hand and provided wise counsel to presidents, Members of Congress, and the American business community.George Shultz was one of the most consequential leaders of the 20th century in helping Presidents Reagan and Bush 41 end the Cold War, allowing freedom to reign.@RepMTG The Pelosi speakership is doing a lot of damage to the ability of the House to operate across party lines and achieve common purpose for the American people.  So very sad.@RepMTG The House Democrats decision to strip Congresswoman Greene -- after her efforts yesterday to lower the temperature -- will put the House on a never-ending path of political reprisal. Over time it will greatly weaken the institution.@RepMTG Speaker Pelosi and other Democrat House leaders routinely ignore inappropriate statements, calls for violence, and personal misconduct if it is done by liberals, for liberals.Congresswoman @RepMTG expressed regret for her past statements, recommitted herself to being a more effective Member of Congress, took steps that will allow the House to heal only to be rejected by liberals with an unquenchable desire for reprisal and revenge.The Nancy Pelosi-run House of Representatives is built on double-standards and a foundation that will collapse over time.Senate now voting on the 'Remain in Mexico' amendment I offered to the Senate budget resolution. 'Remain in Mexico policy was adopted by former President Trump and has proven to be successful in taking pressure off our southern border. WATCH:@RepMTG I hope her comments today will go a long way in turning down the temperature and allow us to focus on the important issues the American people want us to address.If successful, the partisan effort to strip @RepMTG of her committee assignments will set a terrible precedent for the House -- with no end in sight.ICYMI: Spoke about the Senate Budget resolution today and why it is perplexing Democrats are pushing a partisan approach to what - till now -- had been bipartisan support for COVID relief. WATCH:ICYMI: Spoke with @SandraSmithFox and @johnrobertsFox earlier today about @mtgreenee, @RepLizCheney, Biden Executive Orders on immigration, upcoming Senate impeachment trial and more. WATCH:Very moving tribute to Officer Brian Sicknick who was killed in the Capitol Hill riots on January 6. He was a true hero, serving his country as a police officer and a member of the Air Force. My prayers are with his family and friends. May he rest in peace.If these statements are accurate - and do in fact reflect her views - they are troubling.  I would encourage her to make her views clear sooner rather than later.She is entitled to correct the record - if it needs to be corrected - and explain things that could have been taken out of context. The only way we will ever know is to allow her to speak on what she believed then and what she believes now about the matters of controversy.As to Representative Greene of Georgia and her alleged comments on various issues: the most important thing for me is to understand what Rep. Greene believes now and in the past.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm about the upcoming Senate impeachment trial.  Tune in!Finally, Democrats should realize in spite of their intense personal dislike for him that what President Trump did in securing our border and reforming our asylum laws worked.The caravans will start to flow again, and America will be under siege once again by new waves of migrants responding to the Biden Administrations weak policies on immigration.  These policies also undercut bipartisan immigration solutions.The refusal to continue building the border wall and changing Trump asylum policies requiring migrants to wait in Mexico for their court date are formulas for disaster and will create massive future runs on the border.In a matter of weeks, President Joe Biden has rolled back a substantial part of the gains it took years for the Trump Administration to achieve in the fight to stop illegal immigration.As the incoming @BudgetGOP Ranking Member will be speaking on the Senate floor about the Democrats budget resolution in just a few minutes. WATCH:I will support sanctions against Myanmar military leadership for these actions and would encourage the United Nations to act forcefully to ensure there is not further violence against religious minorities.The military takeover of the Myanmar government is unquestionably a coup and should be treated as such by the United States and the United Nations.The Russian people yearn for a better life, and I will do everything I can to support their efforts.Thousands of average, everyday Russians have taken to the streets in the bitter cold to protest Putins silencing of Mr. Navalny through the use of the courts system.  It is apparent that Russian people are growing weary of Putin and his cronies.The efforts of Putin and his cronies to silence his opponent Alexei Navalny is the beginning of Putin losing his stranglehold on Russia.ICYMI: Spoke with @TGowdySC last night about the sentence for former FBI lawyer Kevin Clinesmith and upcoming Senate impeachment trial. WATCH:@RepLizCheney Liz knows that a strong America is a safe America. She believes we must confront radical Islam and take the fight to them to ensure there are no more 9/11s.  In the eyes of many - Liz Cheneys experience, leadership, and strength are invaluable to the Republican Party.I believe @RepLizCheney is one of the strongest and most reliable conservative voices in the Republican Party.  She is a fiscal and social conservative, and no one works harder to ensure that our military is well prepared.Justice Barrett wasnt given a free pass on a routine 4-day hearing during her Supreme Court confirmation, and Judge Garland shouldnt get one either on his nomination for Attorney General. Read my full response to Senator Durbin about @senjudiciary hearing for the AG nominee.Speaking with @TGowdySC in just a few minutes on @FoxNews. Tune in!Will be speaking with @TGowdySC tonight on @FoxNews at 7:15 pm.  We will discuss the latest news about the upcoming Senate impeachment trial and sentencing of former FBI lawyer Kevin Clinesmith in the #CrossfireHurricane investigation. Tune in!Major problems lie ahead if President Biden goes down this road.Over 50,000 asylum seekers have been waiting in Mexico rather than in the United States where they often disappear while waiting in the one million person asylum case backlog  If that policy changes then the magnet created by abuse of our asylum laws will be turned back on.If the Biden Administration ends the Remain in Mexico policy for asylum seekers - and changes asylum reform measures - it will be a catastrophic combination leading to a run on our border and complicate efforts to pass immigration related legislation.The House impeached President Trump without a witness.  If we open the witness door in the Senate there will be lots of witnesses requested on a variety of topics. And the trial will go for months, not days.I cannot think of a better way to turn the upcoming impeachment trial into a complete circus than to call the QAnon Shaman as a witness on anything.This sentence will only further erode the American peoples confidence in DOJ and FBI, after they took the law into their own hands.They clearly altered documents and withheld exculpatory information from the FISA Court to continue a false narrative against an American citizen: Carter Page.Lawyers in the chain of prosecution altering documents to mislead the Court is one of the most damning things that can be done to the Rule of Law.This punishment trivializes what I believe to be a stunning breach of duty to the Court and to the American people.@JoeBiden It would take effort, but apparently very little effort is being shown by the Biden Administration when it comes to bipartisanship on COVID relief.@JoeBiden Im certain the bipartisan group - who came up with the $908 billion COVID package last year - could work with the Biden Administration on a compromise in place of the $1.9 trillion package.If reconciliation is chosen as the COVID legislative vehicle, it will make the Inaugural speech by President @JoeBiden ring very hollow.A nationwide $15 an hour minimum wage will increase costs to business at the same time governments are mandating restrictions on their operations. It is a recipe for disaster.  Now is not the time to increase costs on business.How long will the COVID economy last across the US? Restricted travel. Restricted occupancy. Restrictions on general business activity.  Businesses, particularly small business, are struggling under the COVID economy. They are doing all they can to keep their business afloat.There will be a major backlash throughout this country against radical liberals who despise our country and those historical figures who founded our nation and saved our union.In my view, the liberal school board in San Francisco - who believes naming schools after Abraham Lincoln and George Washington is something to be embarrassed about are Exhibit A in crazy cancel culture.America, with all of its faults, has been and hopefully will always be the Best Hope for Mankind.  In my view, the liberal school board in San Francisco - who believes naming schools after Abraham Lincoln and George Washington.....The President of the United States was impeached in 50 hours without 1 witness being called and he didnt have a lawyer. We need to make sure this thing never goes anywhere ...because I dont want to legitimize the impeachment process used in the House.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm about the latest on the Senate impeachment trial.Joyce lived an incredible life dedicated to family and country. She will be missed. My prayers are with her family and many friends.Very sad to hear of the passing of my dear friend and great Republican leader Joyce Hearn. Joyce became a Republican institution in Richland County and beyond. She was kind, smart, and was a great help to me and my team from day one.Ill try to achieve the 'impartiality' of @SenSchumer, @SpeakerPelosi and other leading Democrats when it comes to impeachment.  Im confident Im as impartial regarding the impeachment trial as @CillizzaCNN is in covering the news and Republicans!@senrobportman I respect Robs decision and wish him and his family well.  I cannot emphasize enough how consequential Rob Portman has been as a United States Senator.Very, very sad to see that @senrobportman is not seeking reelection.  Rob is one of the smartest, most sincere members of the Senate that I have ever known.  This will be a major blow to the Senate as well as the Republican Party.Yes!The President was impeached in the House from start to finish in less than 60 hours without one witness being called and without a lawyer. This will not happen in the Senate. I believe post-presidential impeachments are blatantly unconstitutional.Very disappointed that Speaker Pelosi continues the quest to impeach President Trump after he has left office. Senator McConnells proposal as to how to handle the trial is very sound, and I hope Democrats will reconsider.Im confident he will do an outstanding job for our men and women in the military and President Biden.Very proud to support General Lloyd Austin to be the next Secretary of Defense. Ive known him for a very long time, served with him in Iraq, and believe he understands the needs of our troops and the threats we face.Like many other Members of Congress, I will make sure we get to the bottom of how our National Guard soldiers were relegated to the parking garage. Those who made this decision need to be held accountable.Speaking with @seanhannity at 9:20 pm on @FoxNews about the upcoming Senate impeachment trial of former President Trump.The media should not buy the false narrative from the Biden Administration that they are starting from scratch on vaccine distribution.  Thats a lie.  Dont believe me, listen to Dr. Fauci.It was my hope President Biden would call on Democratic leaders to stand down the 2nd impeachment of former President Trump, but apparently he is unwilling or unable to do so. In light of that reality, the process being proposed by Senator McConnell should work for all involved.As I have continuously stated, I believe this is an unconstitutional exercise of impeachment power, and this process will allow that argument to be made in a timely fashion.It will provide the former Presidents lawyers and House managers with the appropriate amount of time to brief the Senate and prepare for trial.I completely support the process laid out by Leader McConnell regarding the upcoming impeachment trial. I hope my Democratic colleagues will agree. The process being proposed is acceptable to the former Presidents legal team and fair to the Senate, the House, and the nation.The Biden Administration is inheriting a secure border with historic cooperation with Mexico and the Triangle countries.   Time will tell if they will crumble the solid foundations they inherited from the Trump Administration on a number of fronts.The truth is the vaccine was produced in a historic timeframe, and while the distribution system can be improved, the vaccine itself remains key.  The Biden Administration is inheriting a weakened Iran and historic alliances between Israel and Arab nations.The Biden Administration is following the Obama playbook to the letter -- Blame Your Predecessor claim everything is in shambles and we will be lucky to move forward at all!Speaking with @SandraSmithFox and @johnrobertsFox at 1:00 pm today on @foxnews. Tune in!Speaking with @marthamaccallum and @BretBaier on @FoxNews at 3:00 pm.  Tune in!I'll be speaking with @CBSNews today about 1:30 pm about #Inauguration2021.Headed out of my house this morning on my way to the U.S. Capitol for the swearing-in and saw these members of the #SCNationalGuard providing security.  Thank you for your service to our nation!  #Inauguration2021Speaking with @seanhannity tonight on Fox News at 9:20 pm about the Senate impeachment trial.If the Biden Administration does not immediately send a clear and unmistakable signal that they support the tough polices implemented by President Trump, it will be just a matter of time before our border is overrun again.Migrant caravans are already forming and on the way to the United States under the belief that American policy will soon change and they will be allowed to stay when they arrive.@henrymcmaster Thank you again Governor McMaster and all those playing an integral role in this effort to save lives.@henrymcmaster I will continue to work closely with Governor McMaster to ensure the federal government provides our state with the necessary resources and vaccinations.   I also appreciate the long hours and hard work of all the stakeholders in our effort to vaccinate South Carolinians.@henrymcmaster More vaccine doses are on the way, and I expect hospitals and other providers will provide the necessary resources to ramp up distribution in the days to come.@henrymcmaster Providing assistance to nursing homes, long-term facilities, and other at-risk populations such as those over the age of 70 remains a high priority.We had a very good briefing today hosted by Governor @henrymcmaster along with input from the South Carolina Hospital Association, S.C. Department of Health and Environmental Control (DHEC) and others, regarding South Carolinas vaccine distribution program.@SecPompeo Concentration camps.  Reeducation centers. Chinese Community Party persecution and repression on a historic scale.  I hope the rest of the civilized world will take note of the State Departments action and follow their lead in due course.A very bold and necessary step by @SecPompeo and the Trump Administration to declare the destruction of the Chinese Uyghurs genocide by the Chinese Communist Party.  This is a rare, but very important designation from the State Department.Im very sorry to hear of the passing of former Myrtle Beach Mayor John Rhodes. My prayers are with his family and friends. He was a great friend who was always there for his constituents. He dedicated so much of his life to his beloved Myrtle Beach. Rest In Peace, my friend.In these troubled times we need to pursue Dr. Kings dream for America with passion and vigor. The words of his I Have a Dream address mean as much today as when they were delivered. Dr. King is a true American inspiration.My letter to Democratic Leader Schumer.  The Senate should vote to dismiss the article of impeachment once it is received in the Senate. We will be delaying indefinitely, if not forever, the healing of this great Nation if we do otherwise.Looking forward to a round of golf with Larry but will insist on strokes. Enjoy your retirement.Most importantly, Larry is a good friend and a great man. The Clemson golf program is nationally renowned and above reproach, and all of that is a result of the leadership and mentorship that Larry provided his team.Congratulations to Coach Larry Penley on his retirement. A 38-year success story as head golf coach at Clemson with a national championship and numerous Clemson players going on to the PGA. One heck of a ride.Andy was an American success story who provided jobs to many and service to his community. The State papers headline is so appropriate - goodbye, my friend.Ive been a regular customer since Andys opened and was always greeted with kindness and provided a terrific meal. The Andy special is one of the best sandwiches in the history of food.Very sad to hear of the passing of Andy Shlon, the founder and owner of Andys Deli, an iconic restaurant in Columbia. My prayers are with his family and many friends.If it is true that National Guard troop requests were denied because of optics that would be an unforgivable mistake in judgment that should carry serious consequences.An independent investigation is warranted, and I will do my best to ensure those in responsible positions - at every level - are held accountable.Very interesting storyline developing regarding potential denial of requests for National Guard troops, made by Capitol Hill police, to the House Sergeant at Arms.@harrisonjaime @DNC I always like it when South Carolinians are recognized for their talents and accept leadership positions.   Good luck @harrisonjaime, but not too much luck!Congratulations to @harrisonjaime for being selected as Chair of the @DNC.  This is a big honor and Im confident he will do a good job representing the Democratic cause.  Jaime will be a formidable opponent.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes on Fox News.If President-elect Biden truly seeks unity, he has an opportunity to make a major step in that direction by rejecting post-presidential impeachment.Its now time for President-elect Biden to reject post presidential impeachment because of the destructive force it would have on the presidency and nation.  Every president is subject to the laws of the land. However, impeachment is political and will further divide the nation.The House impeached President Trump without a hearing or witness, and the Senate Democrats would be willing to continue this division and legitimize the House procedures.  Senator McConnells decision to withhold consent to start the trial before inauguration is the right call.It is now time for President-elect Biden to rise to the occasion and instruct his party to call off post-presidential impeachment proceedings.President Trumps statement tonight hit the mark.  He rejected violence, unequivocally condemned those who defiled our Capitol, called for full accountability, and emphasized those who engage in violence tarnish the movement.  His speech helps move the country move forward.President Trumps statement today calling for calm and turning down the heat is much-needed and needs to be matched by the actions of others. We can and must get through this difficult time in our nations history.President Trump will be leaving officenext Tuesday, and impeachment in the House and trial in the Senate within a week would do great damage to our institutions and could insight further violence.Very pleased for the nation to hear thatMajority Leader McConnellwill not consent toasnap impeachment trial of President Trump.The individuals who participated in the storming of the Capitol should be met with the full force of the law.They should and will be held accountable.The millions who have supported President Trump and his agenda should not be demonized because of the despicable actions of a seditious mob.Impeachment should never be a do-over, but that is what Democrats are seeking to do today. To my Republican colleagues who legitimize this process, you are doing great damage not only to the country, the future of the presidency, but also to the party.Now they seek to do it again, believing that this effort will wash for history the fact that the first impeachment was based on the thinnest of pretenses: a phone call with the leader of Ukraine.Democrats have already impeached the President once over a matter which was not worthy of that process.As to Senate leadership, I fear they are making the problem worse, not better. The last thing the country needs is an impeachment trial of a president who is leaving office in one week.The House impeachment process seeks to legitimize a snap impeachment totally void of due process.No hearings.No witnesses.It is a rushed process that, over time, will become a threat to future presidents.The President, who will be leaving office in less than a week, has committed to an orderly transfer of power, encouraging calm and rejecting violence.The process being used in the House to impeach President Trump is an affront to any concept of due process and will further divide the country.If there was a time for Americas political leaders to bend a knee and ask for Gods counsel and guidance, it is now. The most important thing for leaders to do in times of crisis is to make things better, not worse.Supporting the impeachment of President Trump under these circumstances will do great damage to the institutions of government and could invite further violence at a time the President is calling for calm.Could not agree with @VP more.  Hope all Republicans will follow his counsel and understand the consequences to the country and party which is seeking to heal.  It's time to continue to heal as we prepare to open a new chapter in American history.By closing loopholes in asylum laws - along with investments in border security and help from Mexico we have brought order to chaos at our southern border.  If these policies are weakened, I fear chaos will resume.The U.S. is getting help from Mexico and the Triangle Countries unlike any other time in the past.  I would urge the Biden administration to stay the course.President elect Biden: Do not tear down the border wall that is working.  President Trumps border security plan has worked.Congratulations to @SecPompeo and his team for this information so the world can see the depravity that still exists in Iran.The Iranian regime is the largest state sponsor of terrorism and they have become a safe haven for al-Qaeda, the architects of 9/11.  I hope the Biden Administration will understand the true nature of the Iranian regime before they engage with them a second time.While not surprising, it is still stunning the Iranian regime continues to offer sanctuary to al-Qaeda members and leaders.  Those who believe the JCPOA would bring about change in Iran are incredibly naive.He is a well-known, seasoned diplomat and respected figure in the intelligence community.  Like outgoing Director Haspell, Burns will be a steady hand at the helm of the CIA.  I look forward to supporting his nomination.Bill Burns is an outstanding choice to be the next Director of the CIA.  I have known him for years. He has a deep understanding of the threats our nation faces throughout the world.Im hoping there will be a reconciliation in Yemen but that will never happen until the Houthis change their ways.Very supportive of the Trump Administrations decision to label the Houthis as a terrorist organization.  They have directly attacked American interests, are proxies of the Ayatollah, and a great menace to the stability of the region.Completely support the Trump Administrations decision to designate Cuba as a state sponsor of terrorism because they are.  It is long overdue. It is also time for Cuba to pay a price for their decision to destabilize the region and the world.  Well done @SecPompeo.Im disappointed to hear the House is proceeding with a second impeachment given there are only nine days left in a Trump presidency.  It is past time for all of us to try to heal our country and move forward.  Impeachment would be a major step backward.In light of President Trumps Thursday statement pledging an orderly transfer power and calling for healing in our nation, a second impeachment will do far more harm than good.@TheJusticeDept @FBI I am confident Congress will provide whatever resources are necessary to bring all who participated in this seditious act to justice.  We cannot heal the nation unless people are brought to justice for their criminal behavior.Very pleased with the zeal and determination @TheJusticeDept @FBI and other federal agencies are showing in holding domestic terrorists accountable for defiling the Capitol, attacking the police, and undermining our democratic process.President-elect Biden has the power to do something about this for the good of the country if he chooses. I hope he will. It will take actions, not words, to bring the country together.President Trump moved the country in the right direction last night with his statement.The radical liberal Democrats never-ending desire to keep the conflict going needs to be addressed by President-elect Biden.Completely agree with @senatemajldrs analysis that the Senate cannot process the impeachment being contemplated by the House before January 20. I firmly believe impeachment would further destroy our ability to heal and start over.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm on Fox News Channel.It is now time for Congress to repeal Section 230 and put Big Tech on the same legal footing as every other company in America. Legal accountability.Big Tech are the only companies in America that virtually have absolute immunity from being sued for their actions, and its only because Congress gave them that protection.Im more determined than ever to strip Section 230 protections from Big Tech (Twitter) that let them be immune from lawsuits.Twitter may ban me for this but I willingly accept that fate: Your decision to permanently ban President Trump is a serious mistake.  The Ayatollah can tweet, but Trump cant. Says a lot about the people who run Twitter.@realDonaldTrump Im convinced impeachment, under these circumstances, will further divide the country and erode the institution of the presidency itself. I hope President-elect Biden shares those views and will speak out so we can continue to heal the nation with an orderly transfer of power.@realDonaldTrump Any attempt to impeach President Trump would not only be unsuccessful in the Senate but would be a dangerous precedent for the future of the presidency.  It will take both parties to heal the nation.@realDonaldTrump Speaker Pelosi is hanging by a political thread, and Senator Schumer lives in fear of a primary from the radical left.  It is up to President-elect Biden to step in and allow the nation to heal.As President @realDonaldTrump stated last night, it is time to heal and move on.  If Speaker Pelosi pushes impeachm ent in the last days of the Trump presidency it will do more harm than good.Im hopeful President-elect Biden sees the damage that would be done from such action.This officer gave his life in defense of our nation, and I hope and expect that the perpetrators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.Tragic news that a U.S. Capitol Police officer was killed by domestic terrorists while bravely defending our nations capital.I pledge to work with @SenatorTimScott and others to review voting procedures, particularly regarding mail-in ballots, so we can ensure millions of Americans who have doubt that we are not ignoring the problem.Tonight, President Trump took a major step toward healing our nation and moving forward into a new chapter of American history. The Trump administration, domestically and on the foreign policy front, has much to be proud of.President Trumps acknowledgement that a peaceful transfer of power is fully underway as well as his call for calm and turning down the rhetoric will serve our nation well.President @realDonaldTrumps statement tonight urging the country to move forward and heal was much-needed and hit the mark. Well done, Mr. President.WATCH ONLINE:Will be holding a press conference in Senate Radio-TV Gallery in just a few minutes.Press conference has been moved to 2:00 pm.Will be holding a press conference at the US Senate Radio-TV Gallery today at 1:30 pm.ICYMI: Spoke on the Senate floor tonight. WATCH:I prayed @JoeBiden would lose.  He won.  Hes the legitimate president of the United States.  Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are lawfully elected and will become the president and vice president of the United States on January 20th.Very grateful to front line police but incredibly upset those in charge lost control of the US Capitol.  Will not let this go unchallenged. (2/2)The U.S. Senate must reconvene today and finish our constitutional work.  Calling for federal officials to form task force to identify those who breached the Capitol, vandalized our national institutions, and expect prosecutions to the fullest extent of the law. (1/2)I could not agree more with President-elect Bidens statement to the nation.  Time to retake the Capitol, end the violence, & stop the madness.  Time to move forward in governing our nation.  Our differences are real but the love of our nation overwhelms our differences.Those who made this attack on our government need to be identified and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.  Their actions are repugnant to democracy.I support peaceful protests but not violence and destruction. People need to leave the Capitol now!  This is a national embarrassment.He will be asked many questions regarding existing investigations that, in my view, need to continue.  I look forward to the confirmation process and will closely follow his answers.If media reports are accurate, I believe Judge Garland would be a sound choice to be the next Attorney General. He is a man of great character, integrity, and tremendous competency in the law.We must back the men and women in Blue. #BacktheBlueCities that have reduced their police budgets - and declared war on the police themselves - are seeing tremendous spikes in crime & loss of business.  To the Squad and others who want to #DefundThePolice in Congress - I will fight you at every turn.The biggest winner is the United States and the people of the region who can now work more closely to build strong economies and more capably fight terrorist ideologies. Well done, Mr. President.The biggest loser in this breakthrough is Iran, as they will no longer benefit from the internal dissension within the GCC.This is a major diplomatic achievement which will allow GCC nations to more efficiently operate their economies, share intelligence, and be better allies to the United States.Congratulations to President @realDonaldTrump and his team led by Jared Kushner and Avi Berkowitz in ending the dispute between Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and other Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) nations.@Perduesenate @KLoeffler @NRSC I am very lucky to have such a loyal base of supporters who understand freedom is worth fighting for.  Well-done #TeamGraham!  On to Victory in #GASenRunoffs!@Perduesenate @KLoeffler @NRSC Volunteers traveling to Georgia to walk priority neighborhoods in the Get-Out-the-Vote (GOTV) efforts.  Volunteers making phone calls realizing this is a tight election and EVERY vote counts.  Visits to attend campaign events and rallies.#TeamGrahams unprecedented commitments to winning #GASEN include:  $1,400,792 raised for @Perduesenate.  $1,383,678 raised for @KLoeffler for Senate.  $1 million transferred to the @NRSC for GA Senate.  $ 471,500 raised for the GA Senate Battleground Fund.I am proud of the efforts #TeamGraham has made to help our friends in the #GAsen race.  Conservatives understand Georgia is the last line of defense in our fight against the radical socialist agenda. They know what is at stake, and they have responded like CHAMPIONS!Today is a big day for me personally and for our country. We just started the 117th Congress, and Im honored to be part of it. Ill do my best as your senator to make sure our country is on the right path.My colleagues will have the opportunity to make this case, and I will listen closely. But they have a high bar to clear.They will also need to show that the failure to take corrective action in addressing election fraud changed the outcome of these states votes and ultimately the outcome of the election.They will also need to provide clear and convincing evidence that the failure to act in both the state and federal courts and the states legislatures which investigated these claims was made in error.I do look forward to hearing from and will listen closely to the objections of my colleagues in challenging the results of this election.  They will need to provide proof of the charges they are making.Proposing a commission at this late date which has zero chance of becoming reality is not effectively fighting for President Trump.  It appears to be more of a political dodge than an effective remedy.Going from $600 to $2,000 doesnt make you a socialist.  Mr. President, keep fighting for the American people who are suffering.  Insist on a standalone vote.The country is being overwhelmed by #COVID, hospitals are full, and business are hanging by a thread.  Direct payments may not be most efficient way to help people in need but, given the situation we face are extremely necessary.With all due respect to my Republican colleagues, a $2k direct payment for individuals and families who are struggling is not socialism.  In my view it is necessary in the times in which we live.To the Iranians:  You should not believe for a moment that American domestic politics has distracted us from watching your every move and if necessary responding to provocations with overwhelming force.  You miscalculate at your own peril.Speaking with @TGowdySC on Fox News at 9:15 pm tonight as he serves as guest host for @seanhannity.  Tune in!@realDonaldTrump Congress will vote on additional stimulus checks and repealing Section 230 -- all wins for the American people.  Well done Mr. President!With President @realDonaldTrump signing the COVID relief and government funding bill, suffering Americans will get help, the vaccine will be distributed faster, and the government will stay open.Both are reasonable demands, and I hope Congress is listening. The biggest winner would be the American people.After spending some time with President @realDonaldTrump today, I am convinced he is more determined than ever to increase stimulus payments to $2000 per person and challenge Section 230 big tech liability protection.Congress should vote to Repeal Section 230 as requested by President @realDonaldTrump.  I will not vote to override presidential veto unless effort is made to wind down Section 230.@realDonaldTrump Houses refusal to wind down Section 230 for Big Tech shows they care more about Big Tech than working Americans.   Will @SpeakerPelosi refuse to allow a vote to repeal Section 230 because Democrats are in Big Techs pocket?House should not only take up bill to expand the size of stimulus checks, but should also vote on Section 230 repeal as requested by President @realDonaldTrump.I support President @realDonaldTrump's demand to increase direct payments for long-suffering Americans to $2,000 per person.  And I also support his call to end Section 230 Big Tech legal liability protections.  Lets vote.@realDonaldTrump Lets go big for the American people.@realDonaldTrump I hope Speaker Pelosi will agree with President Trump that Big Tech needs to be reined in by winding down Section 230 liability protections.  I have reason to believe this combination will lead to President Trump supporting the NDAA and COVID19 omnibus bills.Appreciate the fact that Speaker Pelosi supports President @realDonaldTrump's idea to increase direct payments to $2,000 per person.  The American people are hurting and deserve relief. I know there is much bipartisan support for this idea.  Lets go further.Relief is on the way as soon as the bill becomes law.The #COVID19 package, while imperfect, will save jobs and lives. The sooner the bill becomes law - the better.  It will allow millions of businesses to avoid bankruptcy, deliver vaccines even faster, help those unemployed and provide money for families who are struggling.I have just been briefed about the signature verification system in Georgia regarding 2020 mail-in ballots.   From what Ive been told, sounds like they now have a credible process in place to do a signature audit.   Look forward to hearing the results!Wishing Governor @henrymcmaster a speedy recovery from #COVID19.  Hes a great friend and Governor. I appreciate all his hard work for South Carolina.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30 AM. Tune in to Brian @kilmeade, @KatiePavlich, and @PeteHegseth.The only reason it took this long is because Democrats didnt want to negotiate with President @realDonaldTrump before the election.  Very sad and harmful.I will support the $900b package for coronavirus relief as well as funding for the federal government.  This package provides a lot of relief for people who are hurting and shouldve been done months ago.Some investigative body needs to take a broader view beyond the tax issue.The question for the country is: to what extent did Hunter Biden and his family have problematic business dealings with China, Russia, and other nations which could impact the Biden administrations foreign policy?With all due respect to Attorney General Barr: My concern is the scope of the Delaware investigation is limited to tax fraud and will not be a thorough review of Hunter Bidens extensive business dealings with foreign nations.Thank God for nurses who help people in need and know how to use a needle.  Thank God for those who produced these vaccines.  If enough of us take it, we will get back to normal lives.  Help is on the way.The best way to deter cyberattacks against U.S. interests is to make those responsible pay an in-kind price that is so crippling they stop.  Deterrence has to include offense, not just defense.Wishing Peggy a speedy recovery from COVID-19!  Look forward to a vaccine being widely available.ICYMI, there is a movement in Atlanta to shut down a detention facility and go from incarceration to decarceration.  Combine this with Democrats efforts to #DefundthePolice and then see what happens.  Another good reason to vote #GOP in #GASenate!Speaking with @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:00 PM on Fox News.  Tune in!Speaking with Brian @kilmeade in just a few minutes on @foxnewsradio. LISTEN LIVE:Signature verification must be done in counties with the biggest voting problems, should be transparent, and campaigns should be allowed to monitor the process.Glad to see signature audit beginning in Georgia for mail-in votes.  However, many believe Fulton and Clayton counties are the most suspect, not Cobb. Hopefully they will be included.Wishing @RepJoeWilson a speedy recovery from COVID-19.  Joe is one of the hardest working people in Congress, and no one takes better care of our military.  Get well soon and be safe!Im very pleased that Mr. Dawson received bipartisan support to be the newest federal district court judge for South Carolina. Mr. Dawson is an outstanding man and well-respected lawyer. Hell be a great addition to the South Carolina federal bench.This is the reality in which we live.  We must remain ever vigilant.Those who believe Al Shabaab does not present a threat to the U.S. need to look no further than this indictment in New York.  Every day, various terrorist groups plot and scheme to attack American interests at home and abroad.These two nations are enormous CO2 emitters and, under the Accord, go virtually unchallenged.  Climate change is a worldwide problem, not just an American problem.The Senate should go on the record about whether it would support or oppose this decision.   Also believe Senate should be on record in support or opposition to any decision to reenter Paris Climate Accord.  As currently drafted, the Accord is a big win for China and India.Working hard to secure a vote in the U.S. Senate regarding any potential decision to reenter the Iran nuclear deal (JCPOA).  Rejoining this agreement would be the most destructive decision a Biden administration could make regarding stability in the Middle East.He was a giant in South Carolina politics, higher education, and government. He will be missed.Very sad to hear of the passing of my friend Don Fowler.  Don was passionate about his party and beliefs but also believed in working for the common good to make life better in the state we love.@realDonaldTrump Snowden betrayed his country, sought shelter in Putins Russia, and put American lives at risk -- as well as those who risked their lives to help us in foreign lands.  To pardon Snowden would be a betrayal of all those who have sacrificed since 9/11 to protect our nation.To those urging a pardon of Edward Snowden: You are suggesting President @realDonaldTrump pardon a traitor.  Edward Snowden is NOT a victim.  Snowden has American blood on his hands and should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.When it comes to Chinese infiltration of our government and espionage, Democrats are strangely silent.  For four years we heard Russia, Russia, Russia.   Its time Democrats speak up and speak out against China.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:25 pm.  Tune in!William Barr was the right man at the right time in overseeing highly political investigations & stood in the breach at times against both the left and right.  America has greatly benefitted from the service of William Barr as AG, and I wish him well in all future endeavors.Attorney General Barr has much to be proud of. When it came to the law, he played it straight and has set in motion many reforms to the FISA process that will pay dividends over time and, under his leadership, the Department has taken a very hard look at social media platforms.As Attorney General, Mr. Barr vigorously pursued the corruption that was #CrossfireHurricane and has made a real genuine effort to restore credibility to the Department of Justice after the leadership of Comey and McCabe.I have nothing but total respect and admiration for the job done by William Barr as Attorney General of the United States.America is the best hope of mankind. It is why we celebrate and honor the Founding Fathers of our nation.  This effort by modern day liberals to purge America of its founding history is truly shameful.They have concluded that Thomas Jefferson, the primary author of the Declaration of Independence, our nations first Secretary of State, and the third President of the United States, is no longer worthy of having an elementary school named after him.To those who wondered if it was a slippery slope when it comes to renaming public buildings for the imperfect people who helped shape America: you need to look no further than Falls Church, Virginia.  They have concluded that Thomas Jefferson.....Congratulations and much appreciation to our researchers and scientists, the private sector, and all those working hard in the Trump administration to make Operation Warp Speed a success.  Help is on the way.This decision is the best Christmas present the American people could receive when it comes to fighting this pandemic.  What an amazing accomplishment to have a vaccine and now begin the process of distributing it to millions of Americans.@JimmyLaiApple @appledaily_hk I hope he and his administration, along with Congress, will act decisively.  Is taking on the cause of a single individual still worth it for western democracies in the face of Chinas threats?  I certainly hope so.  #StandWithHongKong #AppleDailyENG@JimmyLaiApple @appledaily_hk The Chinese Communist Party is breaking the agreement they had with the British when Hong Kong was transferred in the 90s, requiring China to honor the Hong Kong system. President Trump has a chance to make a definitive statement against Communist China and for democracy.The arrest of Hong Kong businessman and democracy activist @JimmyLaiApple is a brazen effort by the Chinese Communist Party to intimidate and destroy those within Hong Kong who try to protect democratic government.  @appledaily_hkWhen it comes to Hunter Biden investigation - Attorney General Barr did the right thing from a legal point of view.  However, it was the media who failed miserably by refusing to investigate & cover a legitimate story - all because they hated Trump.@SCAttyGenOffice Fight for every legal vote and disqualify improper votes.  Its the right thing to do!Proud of @SCAttyGenOffice Alan Wilson supporting Texas lawsuit challenging integrity of 2020 election in various states.  This is the 1st time systems have been challenged and will, at a minimum, improve our election process & promote ballot security.Congratulations @WFPChief! A well-deserved honor.@IsraeliPM To President @realDonaldTrump and his team, particularly Jared Kushner and Avi Berkowitz, congratulations on a job well done.@IsraeliPM Morocco is a great ally of the United States and has a long history of embracing tolerance.  This agreement will allow for greater economic development and integration as well as further regional stability and security.  It is a win-win-win for Israel, Morocco, and the US.@IsraeliPM This agreement is yet another major addition to the list of nations who have embraced the Abraham Accords.Congratulations to @IsraeliPM Netanyahu and Moroccan Prime Minister Saad-Eddine El Othmani on this historic achievement.  The Trump administration, through the Abraham Accords, has truly changed the landscape of the Mideast in a way that was unimaginable just four years ago.Speaking with @radiotalkermike today at 11:30 am. LISTEN LIVE:@RepSwalwell @FBI @realDonaldTrump Why was President Trump not provided the same courtesy?  Simple: the people involved in #CrossfireHurricane had strong political biases against President Trump.  They were not trying to PROTECT the Trump campaign, they were trying to DESTROY it.@RepSwalwell @FBI  Democrats get defensive briefings when there are concerns about foreign influence, but when it came to President @realDonaldTrump they used a counter-intelligence investigation to spy on his campaign.@RepSwalwell  Clearly demonstrates a double standard when it comes to defensive briefings by the @FBI.@RepSwalwell  Shows extremely bad judgement and rank hypocrisy on the part of Congressman Swalwell who led the charge in the Russia Hoax and impeachment.Several important things to keep in mind about the China - @RepSwalwell Connection:  Shows the depth of the effort by the Chinese to infiltrate Americas political system.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm on @FoxNews about the importance of the Georgia Senate races to the future of our nation. Tune in!Remember #PearlHarbor. That was the rallying cry of the Greatest Generation words of wisdom and warning for all subsequent generations of Americans.Hope friends in Georgia will act while there is still time.Only way to have an audit of signatures is for the GA Secretary of State to change his mind or special session of the legislature conferring power to create audit of signatures.  Special session also could address problems associated with mail-in ballots before Senate runoff.Must have audit of mail-in ballot signatures to have confidence in the presidential election outcome in Georgia!Oped with @SenatorLankford on The Price of Turkeys Russian Dalliance.After tonight, the stakes of the Georgia Senate races should be crystal clear: Socialism vs. freedom. I know that patriots in Georgia will show out to #HoldTheLine. We need @perduesenate and @kloeffler in the Senate! #GASen #gapolLike South Carolinians, Georgians stand with our police. @ReverendWarnocks awful comments about law enforcement should disqualify him in the eyes of Georgia voters. I know @KLoeffler, and I assure you that shell always support our police. #GASenateDebate #GASen #gapolEvery liberal & socialist in America is lining up to support @Ossoff. They know hed be a rubber stamp for the radical liberal agenda pushed by Bernie Sanders in a Chuck Schumer-run Senate. @Perduesenate wont let that happen & will stand up for conservatism. #GASen #gapolWhat a great game! Big win for @CoastalFootball over BYU.  The magical, undefeated season continues! #TEALnationGreat to see the Daniel Lions win another state title in football!  A great program and proud day for all @DWDanielHigh alumni.  Congratulations from the Class of 73! Go Lions!  #schsfb #HSFBSpeaking with @seanhannity today at 4:30 pm.  LISTEN LIVE:@realDonaldTrump We have a Defense Department to protect our liberty, but our liberty is at risk if we dont change Section 230.@realDonaldTrump It is our best chance to change course while we still can.  I take a back seat to no one when it comes to supporting our nations military.  However, Section 230 is allowing America to be fundamentally changed as it relates to the flow of information.I support President @realDonaldTrump's insistence Section 230 repeal be part of the defense authorization bill.   Big Tech is the only industry in America that cannot be sued for their business practices and are not meaningfully regulated.  This must come to an end.Also, encouraged to hear Governor Kemp and Statehouse leaders embracing changes to mail-in ballot laws to ensure ballot security in future elections.  Must be done now before Senate runoff.Great to see Georgia Governor Kemp calling for an audit of mail-in ballot signatures in the presidential race.  It is imperative the Georgia Secretary of State allow an audit to see if system worked.Speaking with Fox News @johnrobertsFox at 2:00 pm today.  Tune in!I truly appreciate President @realDonaldTrump awarding the Medal of Freedom to Coach Holtz because he is so deserving for many different reasons.  Hes one of the greatest coaches in the history of college football and an even better person!It was an honor to attend todays White House ceremony recognizing Coach Holtz and the incredible life he has lived.Honored to be at the Presidential Medal of Freedom ceremony for Coach Lou Holtz.Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on @foxnews. Tune in!In the spirit of unity, I completely agree with President @BarackObama's request that the Democratic Party allow a prominent place for @AOC and her socialist message.  Its always good to find bipartisan agreement!I hope my Democrat colleagues will show Special Counsel Durham the same respect they showed Special Counsel Mueller.  This important investigation must be allowed to proceed free from political interference.  The American people deserve a full accounting of this wrongdoing.I have complete confidence that Mr. Durham is the right man at the right time to be appointed special counsel. I hope his work product will help restore confidence in the Department of Justice and FBI after the debacle called Crossfire Hurricane.To restore credibility to the Department of Justice and FBI after this disgraceful episode, people have to be held accountable either through criminal prosecution or administrative action.Based on hearings we held in the Senate Judiciary Committee, it is obvious the system failed and the FISA Courts rebuke of the Department of Justice and FBI was more than warranted.I completely concur with Attorney General Barrs decision to appoint Mr. Durham as special counsel regarding matters related to the Department of Justice and FBIs conduct in the Crossfire Hurricane investigation.Congratulations to @hinsonashley who ran a terrific campaign showcasing common-sense conservative values.  A big believer in Law and Order and free enterprise.  Proud to help her campaign and glad she will be in the US House!He loved the law and truly was a force of nature. All of his family and friends are in my prayers.Very sad to hear of the passing of Judge G. Ross Anderson Jr., a retired judge from Anderson, SC. Judge Anderson was a distinguished lawyer and served honorably and effectively on the federal bench for decades.@millermeeks She is an Army veteran and health care professional who will bring a lot of common-sense wisdom to the US House of Representatives.  Well done!If you ever doubted that Every Vote Counts, look to #IA2 where Republican candidate Mariannette Miller-Meeks won by 6 votes!  Dr. @millermeeks will be an outstanding Member of Congress.@realDonaldTrump I hope General Flynn can now move forward with his life. Well done President Trump!Very good use of the pardon power by President @realDonaldTrump. General Flynn was NOT a Russian agent.  Instead, he was the victim of a politically motivated investigation and prosecution where the ends justified the means.I just dont believe the people in Georgia are going to allow this country to be turned into a socialist nation. Thats really whats on the ballot for these Senate seats. #GaRepublicansSpeaking with @TGowdySC in just a few minutes about #GAsen as he serves as guest host for Fox News @seanhannity. Tune in!Georgia should also change law requiring bipartisan signature verification of mail-in ballots for future elections. The current system only requires single individual to verify signatures.Completely agree with @Perduesenate and @KLoefflers call for signature verification to be part of new Georgia recount requested by President @realDonaldTrump.@BrianKempGA Im also encouraged it appears the Georgia Governor is willing to work with the state legislature to improve mail ballot signature verification requirements.@BrianKempGA The rejection rate for signatures in the 2020 race was significantly less than in past elections.  A signature audit is necessary given how the Consent Decree affected mail in voting.I could not agree more with Governor @BrianKempGA that it would be appropriate to audit mail-in ballot signatures against a valid database.  This will be critically important for future elections in Georgia.I can understand why the Squad doesn't want me in the Senate - because I'm going to bury your agenda. You're a bunch of Socialists. You would transform America and make it Venezuela.  I'm gonna stand in your way. I'm not going anywhere!I will continue to try to find common ground where possible, but will not hesitate to vigorously oppose the radical domestic and foreign policy agenda of The Squad and other liberal critics.   To those who are trying to silence me you will fail miserably!I must be doing something right when the most radical liberal politicians and media pundits in America are calling for my resignation!I am hopeful but very suspicious of any efforts by the Taliban to reject al-Qaeda in any meaningful way.  It is not in Americas interests for Afghanistan to sink back into civil war as that is a ripe opportunity for ISIS and al-Qaeda to reemerge in force.It is imperative, for our own national security, that a counter-terrorism force remain in Afghanistan until conditions warrant their removal.  A counter-terrorism force in Afghanistan is an insurance policy against another 9/11.A drawdown to 2,500 counter-terrorism forces may be sufficient, but should be conditions based, to protect Americas interests.  I look forward to hearing our commanders views on this matter.Generally speaking I think President Trump has done a very good job handling the conflict in Afghanistan and opening new opportunities between the United States and Pakistan.  It is my hope that one day all American forces will be able to return home.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about #2020Elections and today's @senjudiciary hearing on Twitter and Facebook. LISTEN:He did a great job working with the South Carolina Victory operation this past election cycle. Ill always be grateful for what he has done for me and the cause. He was a good man who will be missed by his family and friends. RIP Robert.Very sad to hear of the passing of my good friend Robert Rabon, former Chairman of the Horry County Republican Party. Robert was a can-do, optimistic leader who was invaluable to growing the Republican Party in Horry County.Republican control of the Senate is the only thing that stands in the way of Nancy Pelosis radical leftist agenda from the House of Representatives sailing through both chambers of Congress. Step up to help NOW:The fight for the future of America & majority control of the US Senate comes down to the 2 runoff elections in GA. That's why, in addition to my $1 million donation to the @NRSC, I've raised over $1.1 million since Monday directly for the campaigns of @Perduesenate & @KLoeffler.Speaking with @foxandfriends in just a few minutes about #GASenateRunoff and why the GOP must maintain control of the Senate. Tune in!God bless Americas veterans and their families.  By keeping America strong and safe they have done more good for the world than any group in history.  #VeteransDay2020How hard is it to renounce socialism if you really dont believe in it?  The reason she can't renounce it is because the mainstream of her party deep in their soul backs socialism.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio in just a few mintues. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News in just a few minutes about the #2020Elections.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9 pm about the #2020Elections. Tune in!@AOC Act on your beliefs! I know you really mean it when ln it comes to #DefundPolice. It is clear to me the Democratic establishment is trying to bury you and your movement -- dont let it happen!My advice to @AOC - Stick to your guns and be more aggressive in pushing the Dem Party toward the socialist agenda.  Do not be shy in driving your party even further left and certainly dont let the Claire McCaskills of the world silence your voice.Biggest losers of 2020 election cycle:  Mainstream media polling which was incompetent.  Mainstream media coverage of the Trump presidency which was deplorable.One of the biggest winners of the 2020 election cycle: small donors.  Over time, good for democracy.They are half-right about #SCSenate as a party building exercise.  Only problem - They dont understand the fact @SCGOP WIPED OUT Democrats in the 2020 election from the mountains to the sea, from Congress to State House to White House. SC Republicans are stronger than ever!If you havent voted yet, there are still a few hours left until polls close at 7pm. Visit to find information about your precinct, grab a friend, and go VOTE!I voted this morning at the Corinth-Shiloh Fire Department in Seneca. Thank you to all our SC poll workers for your hard work today!Graham Gets It Done! Lets get out and vote! #GetItDone #Vote #SCSenTodays the day grab a friend and go VOTE! To find your polling place or check your voter registration, please visitThank you, South Carolina! Day 3 of the #GetItDone Bus Tour blew me away, and I am more confident than ever of victory. Lets finish the job tomorrow! #SCSen #VOTEHeaded to the final stop of the #GetItDone Bus Tour. Thank you, South Carolina! On to victory tomorrow! #SCSenWe took the final swing of the #GetItDone Tour through the Upstate. Thank you to the families who joined us in Spartanburg and Greenville youre what makes our state the best place to live, and I promise to continue to be a strong voice for you in the Senate!We had a fun morning in Rock Hill with @RalphNorman, @GMcCallSC, @tommypopeSC, and Republicans in York County. I wouldnt have made it without faith, family, and friends, and Im grateful to stand beside many of them on our #GetItDone Tour!The Left can steal your yard sign, but they cant steal your voice. #VOTEThank you to @TeamJoeWilson, @henrymcmaster, @AGAlanWilson, and our friends in the State House for joining me to rally in the Midlands this morning! Looking forward to continued work together to #GetItDone for the Palmetto State.Very sad to hear that one of my oldest and best supporters, Bram Lusk, passed away today.  Bram helped with my first State House race and all races that followed. He was a hard worker, good friend, and Air Force veteran. He will be missed by his family and friends. #RIP BramGreat to see so many familiar faces and a fired up crowd in Aiken! Were proud to be conservative and ready to #GetItDone!Day 2 of the #GetItDone Bus Tour just wrapped up and I am blown away by the energy! Lets finish the race strong! #SCSenSouth Carolina honors those who serve our country in uniform, and that appreciation runs deep in Beaufort County. I will never stop fighting to strengthen our military in the Senate! #GetItDoneCharleston is ready to #GetItDone at the polls Tuesday! Thank you to my friends @votetimscott and @NancyMace for joining me in the Lowcountry theres strong support for our Republican ticket in SC!The #GetItDone Tour swung through the Grand Strand to rally in Myrtle Beach and Pawleys Island. Im thankful to serve South Carolina the best is yet to come!Day 1 of the #GetItDone Tour is in the books! No better way to spend Halloween than rallying against liberal tricks! #SCSenWe had a great morning in Florence kicking off our #GetItDone Tour! Conservative judges vs. liberal judges, law and order vs. chaos, backing the blue vs. defunding the police its all on the ballot, and Florence knows where I stand!In Conway today hosting a #GetItDone bus tour.  #RedWaveSC WATCH via @wpdeabc15:It is with great sadness that I learned today of the passing of Sean Connery - in my opinion, THE James Bond. Mr. Connery, a proud Scotsman who led an incredible life on and off screen, is fondly remembered by millions of his fans. Rest In Peace, 007.Warming up with a coffee and ready to speak with @foxandfriends this morning from Florence. #scsenThis night is almost over and Jaime Harrison never answered the question -- would you vote for Justice Amy Coney Barrett? She was one of the most qualified nominees to ever be nominated to the Supreme Court.  #SCSenI don't need a lecture from @harrisonjaime on health care... #SCSenThe reason rural hospitals in South Carolina have closed is because Obamacare has been a disaster for our state. #SCSENRemember: Obamacare is the appetizer, socialized medicine (aka Berniecare) is the main course. #SCSenI believe in saving our environment without destroying our economy. @AOC supports my opponent, and there's a reason... #SCSen@MoveOn is running $2 million of ads against me right now - they very much want to #DefundThePolice.  @harrisonjaime is one of their chosen candidates.  #SCSenDon't support defunding the police, @harrisonjaime? Then return the money given to you by and Planned Parenthood. #SCSenIf our economy is going to survive this pandemic, we need a Senator who understands business. Mr. Harrison and Democrats clearly do not. #SCSenMr. Harrison said the main reason he ran against me was because of the way I acted during #Kavanaugh  The reason the people of South Carolina will reelect me is the way I acted during Kavanaugh. #SCSenNOTE: @harrisonjaime has STILL not answered how he would vote on Judge Barrett's nomination. Senator Graham has asked three times! Answer the question, Mr. Harrison! #SCSenYou may not think people care about the Supreme Court but I do. #SCSEN"We need a Senator who understands business and we need a campaign where you don't manipulate and deceive people like Mr. Harrison." #SCSen"I'm proud of the fact that I got Amy Coney Barrett on the court, and I hope tonight that Mr. Harrison will tell the people of South Carolina whether he would've voted for now-Justice Barrett." #SCSenJaime Harrison said he would never lie to us. He's already broken that promise.@SenCoryGardner This is yet another reason we need to regulate social media platforms which are out of control.  Well done Cory!Great job by @SenCoryGardner in exposing the absurdity of Twitter's disinformation policy. If the Iranian Ayatollah's denial of the Holocaust is not disinformation what is?  And the Ayatollahs statements on wiping Israel off the map are dangerous yet Twitter takes no action.JUSTICE Amy Coney Barrett #ConfirmedA constitutional conservative on the Supreme Court who understands the difference between being a judge and a politician.  Well done President @realdonaldtrump and @senatemajldr!We did it! Justice Barrett is now a reality.  A great day for conservative women and the American people!Speaking on the Senate floor at 6:30 pm in support of Judge Amy Coney Barrett for the Supreme Court.  WATCH:  #ConfirmACB #FillTheSeatIm honored to receive the endorsement of South Carolinas largest newspaper, the @postandcourier. I will continue to fight for our state every single day as your Senator.Former @GamecockFB Head Coach @CoachLouHoltz88 is on #TeamGraham! Join him todayand #GoCocks!Law enforcement will be appreciated and respected for the work they do in protecting us and our communities. The differences are real.  Make your voice heard!Secured border and immigration system we are in control of, not one that controls us. Judiciary filled with conservative judges who uphold the law not write new laws from the bench.  Strong American military who is prepared to tackle threats to keep our nation safe.A weakened, dispirited American military.  A United States on the march toward socialism.  Under #TrumpPence2020 we get:  Lower taxes, less regulation, fairer trade deals, and a country on the pathway to quickly rebuilding our economy.Open borders.   Free health care for illegals.  Less support for the police and more chaos and destruction on our streets.  An expanded Supreme Court packed with new liberal activist judges.Every day we are one step closer to a vaccine to deal a crushing blow to COVID-19.  What will America look like after the virus?  Under #BidenHarris2020 we get:  Higher taxes, more spending, and stifling regulations all are wet blankets on a recovering economy.#ConfirmACB #FillTheSeatIts official. We did it. Judge Barrett is going to the floor. #ConfirmACB #FillTheSeatThank you, @DanCrenshawTX! Your support and outstanding leadership in the House are appreciated by me and Americans across the country.As to my Democratic colleagues refusal to attend the markup, that is a choice they are making.  I believe it does a disservice to Judge Barrett who deserves a vote, up or down.Judge Barrett is one of the most prepared people to have ever been nominated for the Supreme Court.  America will be fortunate to have her as a member of the highest court in the land.Judge Barrett deserves a vote and she will receive a vote.  Judge Barrett deserves to be reported out of committee and she will be reported out of committee.  Judge Barrett deserves to be on the Supreme Court and she will be confirmed. #ConfirmACB2020 has been one of the worst years for police officers killed in the line of duty.  Those who wear the blue have my appreciation and admiration.  We must have their backs while they have ours.We will continue to keep Sgt. Jumpers family, his friends, Sheriff Lewis, and all the members of the Greenville County law enforcement community in our prayers.  Sgt. Jumpers death in the line of duty is tragic and heartbreaking.I was saddened to learn of the death of Sgt. Conley Jumper.  His death is yet another sad reminder of the dangers facing our men and women in blue.South Carolina knows where I stand, and with early voting underway, now is the time to cast your ballot! For more information, please visitI stopped in Simpsonville on the way to Washington to #FillTheSeat! This election is the choice between free enterprise vs. socialism, conservative judges vs. liberal judges, and law and order vs. chaos.I arrived in DC today & was confronted by 2 women - one of whom was from Seattle - who called Judge Amy Coney Barrett a racist & unqualified. This is the modern left, hostile & unhinged. I won't be intimidated. I can't wait to #FillTheSeat. STAND WITH ME:Great to see so many friends in Columbia yesterday to #GOTV and voice our support for getting Judge Amy Coney Barrett confirmed to the Supreme Court! #FillTheSeat  Beat the lines and vote early visit to find out more!It is in the U.S. national security interest to make sure that Afghanistan never again becomes a launching pad for terrorist actions against the U.S. homeland or our allies.  Peace in Afghanistan is possible only when the Taliban honor their commitments.Very pleased to see the U.S. military came to the aid of Afghan security forces being attacked by the Taliban. Taliban are not negotiating in good faith.Judge Amy Coney Barrett's hearing is underway. In the fight between a conservative vs. liberal court, everything is at stake. I will carry out my constitutional duty and ensure the highly-qualified ACB is the 9th Supreme Court Justice.  #FillTheSeatAs a member of the Greatest Generation, Roberta did everything in her power to serve our nation in times of peace and conflict.   Beautiful, combative, and highly intelligent.  That was the essence of Roberta McCain.Roberta McCain accepted hardship with grace and brought tremendous joy to her family and friends.  Through countless bus rides, sitting by her side at rallies, and presidential debates I got to know Roberta McCain.  I am better for it.To the McCain family: You are in my prayers.   Let us celebrate a well-lived life, that of Roberta McCain.   She was one of the most confident, interesting, funny, and squared-away people I have ever known."That's my hope," Graham added. "It will be up to Senator [Mitch] McConnell what do after the 22nd, but we can easily get her confirmed before the election."Honored to have the great @HerschelWalker join #TeamGraham! Herschel is a college and NFL great, an entrepreneur, and a terrific conservative. Thank you so much!As Chairman of @senjudiciary, I am going to confirm the highly-qualified Judge Amy Coney Barrett, and I'm proud of it! #FillTheSeatWe are all one car wreck away from needing help. I know what that feels like first-hand. Under my health care plan, I'll protect those with pre-existing conditions, and bring control back and money back to South Carolina.I love South Carolina. It is my home. It is the best place in the world to raise a family and run a business. As long as I am your senator, I'll keep it that way.Obamacare is a disaster - I know because I was on it. My premiums went up 300% and my coverage stunk. Under my plan, SC would get almost $1 billion in new funding, pre-existing condition coverage will be protected, and localities will be in charge, not a faceless DC bureaucrat.My friend @SenatorTimScott had a great police reform package, and @SenSchumer shut it down. @HarrisonJaime sided with Schumer over Tim Scott, and he will every time.Want to know what's at stake this election? If we lose the Senate, socialist Bernie Sanders will become Budget Committee Chairman. If we hold the Senate, and I am re-elected, I will be Budget Committee Chairman.South Carolinians do not appreciate Harrison putting himself above others.  If Mr. Harrison is not able to interact with South Carolinians on the same terms they live their lives, he should not be their senator.Are South Carolina workers demanding all their coworkers and customers be tested before going to work?  Do restaurants demand their staff & customers be tested before opening?Mr. Harrison is demanding special treatment. Other than Mr. Harrison, is any other South Carolinian demanding every person they come in contact with be tested before they meet?Appears @harrisonjaime is skipping tonights debate.  Mr. Harrision is ducking the debate because the more we know about his radical policies, the less likely he is to win. It's not about medicine, its politics. His liberal views are a loser in South Carolina - and he knows it!I was very excited and pleased to hear the @WFP, led by former South Carolina Governor David Beasley and one of his chief lieutenants, former South Carolina Congressman Gresham Barret, have received the Nobel Peace Prize.Ill take medical direction from actual physicians, not my political opponent.Don't let liberals buy South Carolina.  STAND WITH ME:Whether Mr. Harrison attends tomorrows debate is his decision, not mine. I will be there. 7pm in Spartanburg. #CantWait #SCSenAn outstanding job by Vice President @Mike_Pence showcasing the differences between Trump-Pence and Biden-Harris.  Mike Pence was calm, informed, and made a lot of sense.  A home run tonight for the Trump-Pence ticket! #VPdebateWhat had been an otherwise good debate ends on a sour note.  @SusanPage question about a peaceful transfer of power was the dumbest question in the history of #VPDebates.  Only in Washington is this an issue.Mike Pence is doing awesome! Help our campaign close the fundraising gap created by liberals so I can continue to support the Trump/Pence Administration. STAND WITH ME:Mike Pence is crushing this #VPDebate.  If this was a fight they would stop it. Well done Mike!Vice President @Mike_Pence is an incredible and effective voice for the Trump Administration.  He is showcasing the stark differences Americans face in this election.  #VPDebate@realDonaldTrump Time to come together to help America deal with COVID as we move toward a vaccine.Strongly recommend all my colleagues and President @realdonaldTrump look at the House Problem-Solvers bipartisan $1.5 trillion stimulus relief package.  It has many good things for individuals and businesses.So glad to hear our fabulous First Lady is doing well.  Wishing her a speedy recovery!@realDonaldTrump I very much appreciate all the medical personnel who are taking care of our President and all Americans battling COVID. Finally, it appears drug therapies are making a real difference regarding COVID outcomes.  Better days ahead.Just spoke with President @realDonaldTrump and he sounds terrific -- very engaged and ready to get back to work!  Hes also very excited about Judge Amy Coney Barrett being confirmed to the Supreme Court and focused on a good deal to help stimulate the economy.I was just in Myrtle Beach on Friday speaking with police officers. My prayers are with the family and friends of PFC Jacob Hancher, who was killed in the line of duty.  The cops need our support now more than ever. Ive never known a more difficult time to be a police officer.Just walked off the debate stage. South Carolinians will have a clear choice this November. #SCSen STAND WITH ME:Allow me to correct the record, @harrisonjaime, since you're wrong once again. I'm proud of my legislative accomplishments and delivering for South Carolina. #SCSenMy record on judges is unmatched. This month, we will add Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court of the United States. #FillTheSeat #SCSenI oppose the #GreenNewDeal because it's crazy! #SCSenHBCUs are a blessing. I know firsthand - my sister has a degree from @SCSTATE1896! Go Bulldogs! #SCSenDebateI #BackTheBlue. #SCSenDebateTonight, at 8pm - Its on! Tune in statewide at the below stations, nationally on @cspan, or stream via @wis10! WATCH LIVE: @wis10 (Columbia), @wmbfnews (Myrtle Beach), @Live5News (Charleston), @wyffnews4 (Greenville), @WRDW_WAGT (Augusta, GA)Gave my friend Liz Orser a call on her 100th bithday! Ms. Orser is a force to be reckoned with - a WWII and Korean War veteran, lifelong Republican activist, and a faithful volunteer.I feel fine and look forward to the hearing for Judge Amy Coney Barrett on Oct. 12.  Any Senator who wants to participate virtually will be allowed to do so.After being informed of his positive test, and out of an abundance of caution, I was tested for COVID-19 in South Carolina.  I was informed I was negative.Like millions of Americans, I'm wishing @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS well regarding their COVID-19 infections. @SenMikeLee informed me today that he expects to be back at the @senjudiciary, fully engaged, by Oct. 12. I talked to Mike today - he's in good spirits and on the mend.Talked to Senator Lee earlier today and wished him a speedy recovery.  Look forward to welcoming him back to the @senjudiciary to proceed with the nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barret on October 12.@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP President Woodrow Wilson caught the Spanish Flu in 1919. I doubt the people of his time wished him ill.  Stay strong Mr. President and First Lady!@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP Im disgusted by those wishing ill on the President and First Lady.  Its truly shameful.Like most Americans, Im wishing President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS @MelaniaTrump a speedy recovery.  The president was in good spirits this morning when I spoke with him and very engaged in the upcoming hearing regarding Supreme Court nominee, Judge Amy Barrett.The Left has targeted our campaign in the hopes of turning SC BLUE and they are raising cash by the millions to do so. At midnight, we have our final quarterly FEC filing deadline before Election Day. Can I count on your support TONIGHT? DONATE NOW:@MeghanMcCain @bdomenech Naming this beautiful girl Liberty seems so appropriate and I know her grandfather John is looking down and smiling.  Cant wait to meet her.In this crazy year of 2020 - where there has been so much bad news - I was so happy to hear @MeghanMcCain and husband @bdomenech have welcomed a new healthy baby girl, Liberty, into their lives.  I know this has created a lot of joy for the McCain clan and Bens family.Great news for South Carolina and a compliment to the @weareboeingsc workforce! This would never have come to pass had President Obamas NRLB been allowed to shut Boeings South Carolina operations down!  #scnews@SenatorTimScott I also appreciate President Trump designating the KKK and Antifa as domestic terrorist organizations.  They deserve it. (2/2)I agree with @SenatorTimScott statement about President Trump needing to make it clear Proud Boys is a racist organization antithetical to American ideals.   (1/2)At 10:00 am, chairing a @senjudiciary oversight hearing on #CrossfireHurricane with former FBI Director James Comey. WATCH:Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10 am on Fox News about the latest reports on #CROSSFIREHURRICANE and this weeks @senjudiciary hearing with former FBI Director James Comey. Tune in!Speaking with @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 pm on Fox News about the Supreme Court nomination.  Tune in!Speaking tonight with @JudgeJeanine about the #SurpemeCourt nominee Amy Coney Barrett.  Tune in!  #ACBStand with me as I support Judge Barrett and push back against the Democrats smear attacks. #FillTheSeat #ConfirmACB@realDonaldTrump @senjudiciary We move forward on this nomination knowing that the President has picked a highly qualified individual who will serve our nation well on the highest court in the land.@realDonaldTrump As the Chairman of the @senjudiciary Committee, Im very committed to ensuring the nominee gets a challenging, fair, and respectful hearing.Judge Barrett is highly qualified in all the areas that matter character, integrity, intellect, and judicial disposition.  She is an outstanding #SupremeCourt nominee by President @realDonaldTrump.With all due respect to @Milbank, hes in the bat$hit crazy phase of Trump Derangement Syndrome. I dont believe this is covered by #Obamacare.It aint gonna happen! If youre looking to save money lets start with cutting those people who think closing Parris Island is a good idea. Anyone in the Navy or Marine Corps thinking about closing Parris Island has limited growth potential.Speaking with Mark @marklevinshow in just a few minutes about the Supreme Court nomination and more. LISTEN:Shooting two police officers is not a protest.  It's a crime. #lousivilleSpeaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30 am about the latest on the Supreme Court, the shooting of two police officers in Louisville, and more. Tune in!To those in law enforcement: We have your back. I know who you are, I know what you believe, and were gonna fight like hell for our country. Stand with me:Today we passed a very sad milestone of 200,000 coronavirus-related deaths. My prayers are with all the families impacted by this virus and I remain determined to see an effective vaccine is available soon.If The Shoe Were On The Other Foot, Democrats Would Confirm A New #SupremeCourt Justice In A New York Minute My Interview with Brian @kilmeade.  LISTEN:Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio about the @senjudiciary Committee and upcoming #SupremeCourt nomination. LISTEN NOW:Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio at 9:30 am this morning about the latest on the Supreme Court.  LISTEN:So how did your Monday start? Stand with me against the mob:Could not agree more.Democrats chose to set in motion rules changes to stack the court at the Circuit level and they chose to try to destroy Brett Kavanaughs life to keep the Supreme Court seat open. You reap what you sow.Being lectured by Democrats about how to handle judicial nominations is like an arsonist advising the Fire Department.Great for more competition in the social media space. Well done, Mr. President.Great decision by President Trump to approve the sale of TikTok to Oracle and Walmart. Great for American consumers who are being protected from the Chinese Communist Party.I stand by what I said in Jan. 2019: Harry Reid & Chuck Schumer changed Senate rules to try and stack the courts for Obama. Now it's coming back to haunt them as I predicted. I'm dead set on confirming @realDonaldTrumps nominee. If you stand with me:Jaime Harrison will be a loyal foot soldier in the cause of the radical liberals to destroy America as we know it. As to me I will be part of the Resistance and oppose their radical liberal agenda as they try to fundamentally change America. #5I know Jaime Harrison -- who opposed the Kavanaugh nomination and joined the mob in the destruction of this fine man -- will oppose ANY Trump nominee.  I hope the people of South Carolina know that as well.  #4In light of these two events, I will support President @realDonaldTrump in any effort to move forward regarding the recent vacancy created by the passing of Justice Ginsburg.  #3* Harry Reid changed the rules to allow a simple majority vote for Circuit Court nominees dealing out the minority. * Chuck Schumer and his friends in the liberal media conspired to destroy the life of Brett Kavanaugh and hold that Supreme Court seat open. #2The two biggest changes regarding the Senate and judicial confirmations that have occurred in the last decade have come from Democrats. #1As to my view of filling a Supreme Court vacancy in 2020, Id encourage you to review these most recent statements.  NBC News  The HillI fully understand where President @realDonaldTrump is coming from.While I had many differences with her on legal philosophy, I appreciate her service to our nation. My thoughts and prayers are with her family and friends. May she Rest In Peace.It was with great sadness that I learned of the passing of Justice Ginsburg. Justice Ginsburg was a trailblazer who possessed tremendous passion for her causes. She served with honor and distinction as a member of the Supreme Court.Law and order is on the ballot this November. Join our movement:Speaking with @seanhannity right now. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @seanhannity Radio today at 4:00 pm. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @seanhannity tonight about the latest on the @senjudiciary investigation into #CrossfireHurricane and more. Tune in!@JoeBiden I hope President @realDonaldTrump will learn from the mistakes of the Obama-Biden foreign policy. Our nation and national security cannot afford to repeat the mistakes of the past.@JoeBiden Apparently, Joe Biden is listening and appears to have learned from the mistakes he and President Obama made in Iraq when the ordered a full and complete withdrawal.@JoeBiden The US intelligence community and US military are strongly encouraging and supporting a small counter-terrorism force remaining in Afghanistan.Its good to see former VP @JoeBiden is embracing a residual counter terrorism force in #Afghanistan as an insurance policy against the re-emergence of ISIS and al-Qaeda, both of whom still desire to attack American interests and kill Americans.What a great day for peace! #IsraelUAE #IsraelBahrainIts now been 5 days, so Ill ask again: Where are your tax returns, @HarrisonJaime? What are you hiding?@JoeBiden @realDonaldTrump Dont disarm law-abiding American citizens.  Throw the book at the crooks!The responses from @JoeBiden and President @realdonaldtrump could not be more different.  Bidens first thought was to ban guns for law-abiding citizens. Trumps first was to find and hold the criminals accountable.Its been 72 hours since I released 11 years of state and federal tax returns and challenged @HarrisonJaime to do the same. Crickets. What is he hiding?To those who want to defund the police: we will continue to DEFEND the police here in South Carolina. We stand behind our sheriffs, police chiefs, and all those who serve our communities in uniform.Today we honored Anderson County law enforcement officers at their Back the Blue ceremony and parade.I urge the @FEC and others to investigate this situation. Is money being laundered through @ActBlue from straw donors or foreign governments to Democratic candidates, or is this legit? Somebody needs to find out ASAP.Compared to @WINRED, only 4% of conservative donors were listed as unemployed. I dont believe Democrats are 12 times more likely to be unemployed than Republicans.Wow this sounds fishy as hell. Nearly 50% of liberal donors using @actblue were untraceable and listed as unemployed (with a 4% national unemployment rate).This agreement sets the Middle East on a new course of cooperation and economic integration. Well done President @realDonaldTrump and his team.What incredible times we are living in. Adding Bahrain to the list of Arab nations to recognize the State of Israel and create political and economic relationships is a tremendous achievement for the Trump Administration.At 3:00 pm will be speaking with cadets at @Citadel1842 about 9/11. #NeverForget WATCH ONLINE: Facebook:  YouTube:I strongly believe that my criticism of these trials is widely shared by members of the Senate in both parties.  Two years later, we still dont have Mr. Khashoggis remains or any sort of justice.More is unknown about these trials than is known.  These actions give sham trials a bad name. This gruesome episode is not exactly the change one was hoping for when it comes to Saudi Arabias behavior.I am deeply disappointed about the lack of transparency in the trials of eight unnamed individuals in Saudi Arabia for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, a permanent resident of the U.S.Speaking with @seanhannity about this development and more on #CrossfireHurricane tonight at 9:15 pm. Tune in!This decision meets the desires of our coastal communities and states leadership. I took their feedback to Washington and worked closely with President Trump to protect South Carolinas coast.A great list of conservative jurists and accomplished Americans to consider for future vacancies on the Supreme Court.   Well done by President @realDonaldTrump and his team.The residual US force, combined with Iraqi security forces and other partner nations, should be sufficient to prevent reemergence of ISIS and provide continued stability for Iraq -- both of which are in our national security interests.The physical ISIS Caliphate has been destroyed and the Iraqi security forces are becoming more capable.   However, there remains a large number of ISIS-aligned fighters in Iraq and Syria who have the capability to reemerge en masse.Due to conditions on the ground I support President @realDonaldTrump's decision to draw down to 3,000 American troops in Iraq.@realDonaldTrump The decision by President Trump to include South Carolina meets the desires of our coastal communities and states leadership.  I very much appreciate President Trump for listening to our state and delivering for our people.@realDonaldTrump After receiving positive feedback from Governor McMaster and state leaders, I led an effort to ensure President Trump included South Carolina in the announcement.@realDonaldTrump When I first learned that there would be an extension of the ban on drilling off the Florida coast, I contacted South Carolina officials to gauge their interest.@realDonaldTrump This issue has been a long time coming and I have worked extensively with President Trump about this issue as it relates to South Carolina.Great news for South Carolina!  I am very pleased President @realDonaldTrump listened to the desires of South Carolina and included our state in the extension of the current moratorium on offshore drilling.Cant believe the @USNavy is considering canceling contracts for priests as a cost-cutting measure.  If true, we need to look at canceling Admirals, not priests.This connection to the homeland is very valuable for our military members.  Stars and Stripes provides a valuable service to our men and women in uniform.  Well done, Mr. President.I know firsthand how important it is for military members and their families who are stationed far from home and, in many times, serving in hostile areas to have a touch of home.Glad to see that President @realDonaldTrump objects to the Pentagon's decision to defund Stars and Stripes, a valuable publication for military members and their families.These groups work hard to defend faith and freedom in the Upstate, and I am honored to have their support.Grateful to have had the opportunity to catch up with friends while overlooking Lake Keowee at a BBQ lunch hosted by the Oconee County Republican Women and Oconee County Republican Party this afternoon.Had a great lunch today at Inkys in Easley where we discussed an exciting new development project they are working on called The Silos." Also stopped by @UTCarolinaMoon to pick up a few gifts and discuss how small business is faring in Pickens County.A major step forward in normalizing the Mideast and replacing policies of the past with opportunities for the future.  I appreciate the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for making this important change.  It will not go unnoticed in Washington and throughout capitals around the world.Congratulations to the Trump Administration and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for yet another sea change in the Middle East.  A change in policy thought to be impossible just weeks ago has now become reality.The @GeorgetownCCOCs Politics and Pilau might have been online this year, but I made sure to bring my own chicken bog, corn, and collard greens.It appears to me that the state legislature is on track to strike a good balance between expanding access to voting - to ensure safety - and protecting ballot integrity. Big election coming up.This is the most dangerous time, in modern American history, to be a cop. WATCH:Press conference with law enforcement officials. WATCH:We enjoyed visiting with small business owners in downtown Newberry and making sure the Opera Houses reopening is sustained and successful to keep the community thriving. Newberry is a beautiful place to work and visit!Great to spend the afternoon with my old JAG buddy Scott Cain and Michelle Long with the Newberry County Chamber.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News at 9:40 pm about my opposition to #DefundThePolice. Simply put, defunding the police is insane.  We wont stand for it in South Carolina!Just when you thought it couldnt get crazier....it did. The idea of DC renaming monuments to our Founding Fathers who created the greatest country on Earth is beyond offensive. Yet another reason DC should never be a state!Press conference in Florence with law enforcement officers.  WATCH via @wpdeabc15:When it comes to law and order and violence on our streets President @realDonaldTrump has been consistent on this issue from the start.Biden is reluctantly emerging from his basement to confront this issue because Americans -- and what they see taking place on the streets of our nation -- are afraid to come out of theirs.Violence in our communities was never mentioned at the #DemConvention because Democrats simply did NOT want to go there.  Yesterday, Joe Biden was forced to talk about violence in the streets because the American people are FORCING him to go there.To all of those participating in Super Saturday on my behalf, thank you so much. To the volunteers who distributed yard signs or contacted voters, you represented me well. I will work hard to make you all proud!Very sad to hear of the tragic death of Chadwick Boseman. One of the greatest actors of his generation and a South Carolina native. His life was tragically cut short but the impact he made will be long lived. Condolences to his family and friends.Very sad to hear of the passing of Hayne Hipp. He was a good man who improved his community and our state. He will be missed by his family and his many friends, including myself. My prayers and thoughts go out to the Hipp family.A great speech tonight and a great week for President @realDonaldTrump. President Trumps speech laid out the clearest choice a free people will ever have. I agree with President Trump: 2020 is the most important election in modern history.We remain concerned and sending prayers to our fellow citizens in the path of #HurricaneLaura.  South Carolinians understand quite well the destructive power of Mother Nature. We stand ready to lend a hand to those in need.@VP America needs to reelect the Trump-Pence team for another four years!Mike Pence is one of the most capable and decent people to ever occupy the office of Vice President of the United States.  The @VP made a compelling case for reelection based on the strong record they have compiled in office.South Carolina is a great place to live and do business, and Im confident better days lie ahead.We also stopped by the Habitat for Humanity ReStore to discuss how their work helps South Carolinians achieve the American Dream of becoming homeowners.Amy introduced me to Kathryn, who was recognized by @SBAgov as South Carolinas 2019 Young Entrepreneur of the Year, and Monica to hear about the impact of PPP loans on their small businesses and how Washington can support Main Street as we rebuild the economy.Had a great morning in downtown Camden with Amy Kinard, President of the Kershaw County Chamber.@realDonaldTrump When it comes to the police:  I believe in transparency and accountability, but I reject a presumption of guilt and will resist the War on the Police being waged by the radical left.Glad to see President @realDonaldTrump working with Wisconsin state officials to restore order in #Kenosha.   Peaceful protests are part of America, but violence and destruction create more problems than they solve.Beautiful words by @MELANIATRUMP who has done an incredible job as our @FLOTUS. Her speech was optimistic and reminded us of the decency of America.  America would be well-served by four more years of Melania Trump as First Lady.  A class act. Well done!Incredible speech by @EricTrump  showcasing how President @realdonaldtrump has made America strong again. Well done!@Comey @Comey, check your calendar for open Tuesdays/Wednesdays between September 15-30.  The invitation is forthcoming.  (2/2)Recently @Comey has appeared on Face the Nation and written an oped in the Washington Post.  I imagine he would gladly accept an invitation from the Senate Judiciary Committee to testify in the coming weeks on #CrossfireHurricane. (1/2)Two years ago today America lost one of her greatest champions, the Senate lost one of its most effective members, and the McCain clan lost their patriarch. I miss Johns spirit and can-do attitude.   RIP my friend.Great night for South Carolina at #RNC2020 showcasing @nikkiHaley and @SenatorTimScott.  Both knocked it out of the park in making the case for President @realDonaldTrump and a better America. Both showed the talent, depth & diversity of a growing GOP under President Trump.Great Phenomenal speech by @SeanParnellUSA, a combat veteran who risked it all for his nation. He is running for Congress in Pennsylvania. Help him any way you can.@HerschelWalker @realDonaldTrump The Trump campaign should use Herschel extensively in the campaign.  #RNCConvention2020A very compelling speech by @HerschelWalker detailing his 37-year relationship with President @realDonaldTrump.  Herschel made it clear he believes in President Trump as a leader and a man.  He has 37 years of experience to make that judgement.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the #2020Election and #RNC2020Convention. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm about why America needs to re-elect @realDonaldTrump as President.  In case you missed, check out my oped: The Case for Donald Trump.The Case for @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2020 #RNCConvention2020Speaking with Fox News Radio Brian @kilmeade in just a few minutes.  Tune in!Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio at 11:30 am this morning. LISTEN LIVE:President @realDonaldTrump has delivered why I'm voting to reelect the president.The FBIs double standard when it came to the Clinton and Trump campaigns. #CrossfireHurricaneThese are the newest declassified documents showing the differences between treatment of the Clinton and Trump campaigns.There was a clear double standard by the Department of Justice and FBI when it came to the Trump and Clinton campaigns in 2016.Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:30 am.  Will be discussing and releasing newly declassified FBI documents and communications demonstrating the FBIs double standard when it came to the Clinton and Trump campaigns.  Tune in!Confident President Trump understands the damage done to our national security by Edward Snowden and the lives he put at risk.  Couldnt agree more with Attorney General Barr.The old adage 'Live by the sword, die by the sword will eventually come into play for Vladmir Putin.How does this eventually end?  The Russian people will reach a tipping point where they tire of Putin and his cronies plundering the nation and sowing discord throughout the world -- all at the expense of the average Russian.To all those standing up for freedom and decency in Putins Russia, you have my admiration and total support.It goes without saying that you oppose Putin at your own peril and people like Mr. Navalny are on the right side of history.  As always, the price for standing up for freedom comes at a heavy cost.Very sad situation involving Alexei Navalny, one of the leading opposition figures in Russia against Vladmir Putins regime.What you saw last night from President Obama was a downward spiral from Hope to Hate.  I hope the American people will look at the results of President @realDonaldTrump on their behalf and not listen to the hateful rhetoric of his predecessor.Ask the Arabs and Israelis who was more dangerous:  President Obama: Who signed the Iran nuclear deal.  OR President Trump: Who helped negotiate a peace agreement between Israel and UAE.As to former Secretary @HillaryClinton:  Why dont you ask the victims of ISIS -- the Yazidi women, the residents of Mosul, the Kurds -- who was more dangerous: Obama or Trump?The Obama Years:   Pathetically weak foreign policy (ISIS, Iran nuclear deal). Slow-growth, weak economy. A rogue Department of Justice.  I welcome a comparison between the accomplishments of President Trump and President Obama on multiple levels.Barack Obama may have taken his job seriously, but the results of his 8 years as President is why we have @realDonaldTrump.President @BarackObama and Secretary @HillaryClinton give sore losers a bad name.The wheels of justice are turning.  It is imperative we restore trust to a broken system and the only way that is possible is for people to be held accountable for their actions.  More to come. #CrossfireHurricaneTonight, Jill Biden did a very good job representing herself and Joe in the causes they believe in.  Shes an outstanding person who has led a consequential life.Putting AOC in the corner at the #DemocraticConvention will not hide the fact that shes the co-pilot, along with other liberals, driving the agenda.Its painfully obvious The Squad with @AOC, @BernieSanders, and Elizabeth Warren are in control of the Democratic Party's legislative agenda.  Joe Biden is merely along for the ride.I would urge the Department of Justice to actively pursue prosecution of the perpetrators of this horrific attack.They taunted and tortured this individual before severely injuring him.  The group responsible are great candidates for federal prosecution for violation of the Constitutional rights of the victim.So much for peaceful protests in Portland.  This shocking attack by a mob against a young man in the streets of Portland is beyond the pale.It is because of their courage that we can celebrate 100 years of womens contributions to our democracy.  They changed the course of American history for the better.The United States made a great choice with passage of the 19thAmendment.  Today we celebrate those who fought for and brought about this great accomplishment.The biggest problem facing the Middle East and other parts of the world is the fact that womens voices are shut out.  Over time, the dismissal of womens voices hardens society.We celebrate today the 100th anniversary of the #19thAmendment to the Constitution giving women the right to vote.  This is a great milestone in American history, which has enriched the American body politic.President Trump has appointed conservative judges, rebuilt the military, destroyed ISIS, cut taxes and regulations, is securing the border, negotiated new trade deals, passed criminal justice reform, re-set the Middle East, is standing up to China, etc...It is what it is. Without @BarackObama there would be no @realDonaldTrump.I remember a slow-growth economy, a weakened military, ISIS raging, Iran emboldened, China eating our lunch, businesses struggling, and out-of-control illegal immigration. Those are not the good old days to go back to.My view of what life was like after the Obama presidency is much different than that of @MichelleObama...Speaking of normal..... If @BernieSanders socialist economic policies, pacifist foreign policy, and weakness on law and order becomes normal - God help us all.Im sure Ive left out many other things.but not a bad first term.  Unlike John Kasich I believe we are on the right path with President Trump. The Biden-Harris path leads to socialism at home and weakness abroad. Apparently, John Kasich doesn't understand that.Negotiated peace agreement between UAE and Israel.  Stood up to China.  Stopped caravans from Central America.  Gotten Mexico to cooperate on illegal immigration unlike any other time in history.Rebuilt our military.  Withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal.  Replaced NAFTA with USMCA.  Placed travel ban on China at the start of COVID-19 pandemic.  Recognized Jerusalem as capital of Israel.  Destroyed the ISIS Caliphate.In Case You Missed It @JohnKasich  President @realdonaldTrump has:  Appointed and the Senate has confirmed over 200 conservative judges.  2 Supreme Court Justices.  Cut Taxes. Provided massive deregulation. Brought the US to energy independence.To those who suggest a pardon of Edward Snowden for his treasonous acts, you are doing a great disservice to those who suffered from his betrayal of his nation.Im confident President Trump understands the crimes committed by Snowden resulted in American forces and those who assisted us throughout the world being placed in greater danger.  Specifically, information released by Snowden jeopardized operations in Iraq & Afghanistan.I hope Edward Snowden enjoys the money he is making in Russia and if he ever does step foot in the United States again, he should immediately be tried for his crimes against our country.Very sad to hear of the passing of Robert Trump.  He was a successful businessman and philanthropist who led a consequential life.  Thoughts and prayers with the Trump family.Truly amazing was his time as a Navy pilot during World War II where he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. Mr. Thune was among the best of the Greatest Generation and that is saying a heck of a lot. Prayers with John, Kimberley, and the entire Thune family.Very sad to hear of the passing of Senator @johnthunes father, Mr. Harold Thune.   What an incredible life Navy pilot, coach, educator, husband, father.Hoping President Trumps brother, Robert, makes a full recovery. Thoughts and prayers are with him and his family.Iran is still the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world.  As the Iranian military grows, it sets a collision course with Israel and others threatened by the Iranian regime.  A stupid decision by the UN.The United Nations Security Council overwhelmingly rejected an extension of the Iranian arms embargo.  This was a major mistake by the UN.  It also makes a major conflict with Iran much more likely as they build up their military arsenal.I'll be speaking with @TGowdySC tonight at 9:00 pm on Fox News Channel as he serves as the guest host for @seanhannity. We'll discuss the latest on the FBI attorney who will plead guilty in the Durham probe and more on #CrossfireHurricane. Tune in!Great opportunity for the freedom loving world to make a difference.As facts continue to pour in it is increasingly clear tremendous human rights violations against protesters in Belarus have already occurred.  I will be working with both GOP and Dems to explore additional ways to hold the Belarus government accountable for the rigged election.I encourage President Trump, the European Union, and other freedom loving nations to use sanctions authorities to hold the Lukashenko regime in Belarus accountable for violence against protesters and running a rigged election.To the Trump administration, Congress, and world at large:  Beware of little green men from Russia going into Belarus to stop protests against a rigged election.  The people of Belarus deserve better.I urge all those who believe in freedom and democracy to stand with the people of Belarus who are demanding a better life.  I look forward to working with the Trump administration to push back as firmly as possible against the Lukashenko-rigged election.I stand with the people of #Belarus who are pushing back against a sham election of one of the most autocratic and corrupt regimes on the planet.@nytimes I very much appreciate Inspector General Horowitz, Attorney General Barr, U.S. Attorney Durham, and FBI Director Wray for trying to help right the ship by holding people accountable and restoring credibility to the DOJ and FBI.@nytimes You dont have to be Sherlock Holmes to figure this out.  Just look at their words and actions.@nytimes * Today, an FBI lawyer will plead guilty to altering a document submitted to the FISA Court as part of the warrant process. The question of why people did this is obvious to anyone who looks at the facts which excludes most of the media.@nytimes * The FBI and DOJ engaged in improper and illegal activity to obtain a warrant against an American citizen Carter Page -- who was an adviser to the Trump campaign.  * The Inspector General and FISA Court rebuked the FBI/DOJ for their conduct in this matter.To the liberal media including the @nytimes, you are missing the point.  This not a conspiracy theory.  These are facts.  #CrossfireHurricaneCoronavirus has been a wakeup call for America.   We must break our dependency on China and bring the production of critical medical supplies back to the United States!However, there is no issue as to whether or not she is an American citizen.  She was born in the United States in 1964 to parents who were legally present.  Under the Constitution and Supreme Court precedent, she is unequivocally an American citizen.There are plenty of issues to find disagreement with @KamalaHarris regarding her record as Senator or as a Vice Presidential nominee.  She is consistently rated one of the most liberal members of the U.S. Senate, fully embracing a radical Democratic agenda.Great visit to @ZeusTubing in Orangeburg.  Zeus is a great #MADEinUSA story which makes tubing for our medical supply chain among many other products.  American companies like Zeus make us less dependent on China.  WATCH via @wis10:This is an incredible feat of diplomacy by President Trump and his team which will truly change the face of the Middle East.@realDonaldTrump @netanyahu @MohamedBinZayed Going forward the biggest winners will be those who pursue peaceful coexistence in the Middle East.  The prospects of a sustainable peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians just became more real.@realDonaldTrump It will also hopefully set in motion the winding down of generational conflict between the Arab world and Israel.  I also want to thank Israeli Prime Minister @netanyahu and UAE Crown Prince @MohamedBinZayed for their hard work in pushing forward this agreement.@realDonaldTrump Todays historic agreement between the State of Israel and the UAE is a sea change in Middle East politics and security alliances.  It was a breathtaking breakthrough which will help bring stability to a troubled region and enhance the economies of both Israel and the UAE.This is an incredible feat of diplomacy by President @realDonaldTrump and his team which will truly change the face the Middle East.Senator @KamalaHarris will be a formidable opponent.  She is smart, aggressive, and has fully bought in to the Democratic Partys very liberal agenda.  #Trump2020Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm about the latest updates from Senate Judiciary Committee on the #CrossfireHurricane investigation.Speaking with Josh Kimbrell on Greenville's Christian Talk Radio at 5:00 pm. WATCH:Mr. President, could not agree more.  As I said today: Trevor Lawrence, the Clemson QB, is ready to play and I want to watch him play.  Lets help colleges and universities reopen and play football safely.  Also, time to pass Phase IV bill with liability protections.Im with Trevor Lawrence.   He wants to play and I want to watch him play.  #WeWantToPlayAnd here:Speaking at Bob Jones University School of Health Professions. WATCH LIVE:Combatting criminal gangs should be the focus of local, state, and federal officials to bring some semblance of order. President Trump has made the offer and it should be embraced by the great city of Chicago.With all due respect to the mayor of Chicago: The problems in Chicago are not a lack of gun laws but a lack of will and determination to stand by the police and protect the people from violence.Due to President Trump and his administration's involvement, I see for the first time a real opportunity to end this war on honorable terms. However, I do not trust Taliban to police international terrorist groups on behalf of America or the world.Very closely following developments in Afghanistan regarding recent prisoner release. Expect the Taliban to participate in intra-Afghan negotiations to reconcile the country after decades of war.You will want to catch my interview with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:00 am on Fox News @SundayFutures.  We will discuss new information related to the #CrossfireHurricane investigation.@realDonaldTrump I appreciate the President taking this decisive action but would much prefer a congressional agreement.  I believe President Trump would prefer the same.Great decision by President @realDonaldTrump to use executive orders to continue the federal unemployment supplement at the $400 level.He helped engineer the collapse of the Soviet Union and was one of the greatest national security minds of his generation.  May he RIP.Very sad to hear of the passing of Brent Scowcroft.  For years he served his country with distinction at the highest level of government.In case you havent noticed this is the Trump Republican Party with many different views.  Those who dont understand this are making a mistake.Its been a good week for President @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP.  Big win for @BillHagertyTN in Tennessee who served as Ambassador to Japan under President Trump.  Big win by Congressman @RogerMarshallMD in Kansas, also supported by President Trump.Stand firm, Mr. President, in pushing for policies which continue to grow our economy and help those truly in need.The federal government can help, but the feds should not bail out state and local governments for years and in some cases decades of poor decisions on their part.Unfortunately, Democrats continue to insist on policies which slow down economic recovery as well as insist on bailing out local/state governments.helping local and state governments make the necessary preparations to safely reopening schools.Republicans priorities in Phase IV should be:  continue strengthening our economic recovery.  moving the production of critical medical supplies from China back to the United States.  assistance to individuals who are still unemployed through no fault of their own.Very disappointed the negotiations on a Phase IV package have stalled.   The new unemployment numbers released earlier today show an economy which wants to come roaring back.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about todays @senjudiciary hearing with former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates.Speaking with @seanhannity now. LISTEN:ICYMI  Spoke today at @UofSCSOM this afternoon and discussed the promise of telemedicine and the need to expand broadband access across South Carolina.  WATCH:A positive development in the #TikTok negotiations. Thank you President Trump for protecting American consumers from the Chinese Communist Party and bringing jobs back to the US. A win-win in the making.Whats the right answer?  Have an American company like Microsoft take over TikTok.  Win-win.  Keeps competition alive and data out of the hands of the Chinese Communist Party.To fans and users of #TikTok I understand your concerns.  However President Trump is right to want to make sure that the Chinese Communist Party doesnt own TikTok and most importantly all of your private data.Aiming to bring back the medical supply chain into the United States, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) earlier this week introduced his Restoring Critical Supply Chains and Intellectual Property Act as a component of HEALS.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes. LISTEN:Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:05 pm about the latest news on General Flynn. LISTEN LIVE:To my liberal friends: be careful what you wish for.  A rehearing of the basic concept that judges are not prosecutors seems unwarranted and I fear our courts are becoming political tools rather than arbiters of the law.The General Flynn case has gone from being a joke to scary.  The idea that federal judges would stop the government from dropping a case against a criminal defendant based on newly discovered evidence and abuse of power by the prosecution is stunning.My goal is to continue safely reopening our economy and schools for the fall.  I believe we can achieve these goals and have a free and fair election as scheduled.Last month, the South Carolina Republican primary set a new state record as over 460,000 Republicans went to the polls to vote.  I am confident states will continue preparing and be ready to handle the November election.While I share the president's concern about fraud in elections that use mail ballots as the primary source of voting, I do not support delaying the November election.I was very sorry to hear of the passing of #HermanCain,  a friend and great voice for conservatism.  Mr. Cain was a successful businessman and a fierce advocate for conservative principles across the board.  He made a big difference in his life and will be missed.What does the U.S. Made Act mean? For South Carolina, it means jobs. It means a new market. For our doctors, nurses, and healthcare professionals, it means having the equipment needed to safely fight this virus. For America, it means no longer being dependent upon China.Great to see @SecPompeo and the Trump administration doubling down on sanctions against the murderous Assad regime. Sanctioning Assads son who benefits from this regime is good news. Well done Secretary Pompeo and President Trump.The #BarrHearing in the House Judiciary Committee turned into an audition by liberal Democrats to make the @MSNBC / @CNN highlight reel.When he was allowed to speak, he gave reasoned answers to the questions presented by the committee.  Well done Attorney General Barr!He sat patiently and politely, enduring endless badgering on multiple questions from committee Democrats all the while never being allowed to give a full answer in response.  #BarrHearingAs to todays House Judiciary Committee hearing with Attorney General Barr: If this had been a fight they would have stopped it!In Nadlers world, the Rule of Law means Anything To Get Trump is OK. #BarrHearingThe House Judiciary Committee is totally indifferent to the fact that for a 3-year period DOJ and the FBI:  illegally surveilled President Trumps campaign lied to Congress committed fraud against the FISA Court.The House Judiciary Committee has not had one hearing regarding the Horowitz IG report on DOJ/FISA abuse.Crossfire Hurricane was rotten to the core and the Mueller investigation had no lawful predication.I supported allowing the Mueller investigation to go forward and am incredibly disappointed the House Judiciary Committee has no interest in investigating one of the most corrupt FBI operations in its history #CrossfireHurricane.Hearing Congressman Nadler talk about the Rule of Law this morning is a bit rich. #BarrHearingSpeaking with @seanhannity about the upcoming release of additional documents related to FBI/DOJ #CrossfireHurricane investigation.  The FBI not only lied to the FISA Court about the reliability of the Steele dossier, they lied to Congress as well.What have we learned from coronavirus?  90% of the PPE our doctors, nurses and healthcare workers use to keep us safe is made in China.  I have legislation to bring the PPE supply chain back to the United States. VIA @foxcarolinanews:What does it mean? No longer being dependent upon China.  What does it mean to our hospitals, our doctors and nurses?  You'll have a supply chain in US hands where we don't have to beg China for the equipment we need to safely fight this virus.Coronavirus has been a painful wake-up call that we are too reliant on nations like China for critical medical supplies. The Chinese grip on this critical supply chain MUST end -- and the U.S. MADE Act is a step in that direction.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio at 11:05am today.  LISTEN LIVE:Now speaking with @MariaBartiromo @SundayFutures on Fox News Channel. Tune in!Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:00 am on Fox News.  Tune in!I appreciate the hard work of Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed. Big bipartisan win for our military.This legislation will help our troops and their families with better pay and housing and will continue to modernize our military thats been under extreme stress since 9/11.Very pleased that the Senate overwhelmingly passed the Defense Authorization bill in a strong bipartisan manner.There is no substitute for having an on-ground component in high risk areas when it comes to protecting the American homeland against another attack from radical Islam.When it comes to maintaining our gains against ISIS in Syria and Iraq, it is imperative that we keep a ground component working with SDF in Syria and Iraqi security forces to make sure ISIS does not come back again.I also want to make it clear that I support renegotiating the cost of our American presence in South Korea, but I adamantly oppose reducing our forces at this time as it sends the worst possible signal to China.However, I want to make it abundantly clear that while I support trying to reduce our footprint in Afghanistan, if we do not leave a residual counterterrorism force we will be paving the way for another 9/11.As to the recent dust-up between certain House Republican elements and Liz Cheney, my view is that we should be as united as possible to take back the House.The president has destroyed the ISIS Caliphate and taken China on in an unprecedented way.  However, we cannot let our guard down because our enemies are still out there.  If you dont believe me, look at the intel assessments regarding Afghanistan.President @realDonaldTrump has done more to stand up to the Chinese Communist Party than any president in my lifetime. I appreciate his leadership.It is clear to me that China is using its diplomatic and student footprint in America to try to steal our nation blind when it comes to intellectual property, particularly in the area of vaccine development.Great job by @SecPompeo shutting down the Chinese Communist Party's Houston consulate.I want to thank @SenatorSinema @SenWarren @SenMcSallyAZ @SenMarkey for their efforts on passing this resolution.  We are committed to combating and defeating this terrible disease.To honor their lives and the lives of those currently battling #Glioblastoma this resolution shines a light on this terrible disease and urges collaboration between brain tumor researchers so we can eradicate this cancer.Very pleased the Senate passed our resolution designating July 22, 2020 as #GlioblastomaAwarenessDay.  Glioblastoma is a devastating brain disease that has taken the lives of two of my very close friends and colleagues, Ted Kennedy and my dearest friend John McCain.  #GBMDayHearing in @senjudiciary on College Athletics.  WATCH:Hearing in @senjudiciary on Protecting the Integrity of College Athletics starts at 2:30 pm. WATCH:Hearing today in @senjudiciary at 2:30 pm on Protecting the Integrity of College Athletics.  WATCH ONLINE:@realDonaldTrump The local, state, and American economy cannot function effectively with this level of violence and chaos. I appreciate President Trump and his team taking this problem head on.  Restore Law and Order.@realDonaldTrump He is also right to deploy federal law enforcement personnel to deal with gun and gang violence in cities like Chicago where local officials are failing miserably.  People in these cities should be able to live free from fear of violence.President @realDonaldTrump is right to use federal law enforcement forces to protect federal property and institutions in Portland which seems to be spinning out of control.Folks, we're in the middle of a war -- and it's going to take all hands on deck to win it. How can YOU contribute to victory? Wear a mask.  Wash your hands.  Practice social distancing.Fully support payroll tax cut to help working Americans and believe President Trump will push for infrastructure package, particularly when it comes to helping rural America.Great dinner last night with President @realDonaldTrump, Secretary Mnuchin and White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows. We discussed stimulus package to continue the momentum of our economic recovery and how best to fight coronavirus.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the @senjudiciary investigation into Russia collusion and the release of newly declassified information.  Tune in!Couldnt agree more! Well done Mr. President.The new Walmart facility will create even more positive economic activity in the region and terrific news for all of South Carolina.Very appreciative of Walmart locating a new distribution facility in Dorchester County.  It is yet another example of how the Port of Charleston drives South Carolinas economy.If federal law enforcement officials are necessary to do the job and President Trump chooses to go down this path, I completely support him.President Trump is right to demand that law and order be restored in American cities. These protests and riots are getting out of hand, jeopardizing public safety and economic recovery.Appreciate the hard work @NCTO and the industry coalition has done to amplify the policies that will help bring #PPE production back from China.  Look forward to introducing the U.S. MADE Act later this week.  #AmericanTextiles #WeMakeAmazing #BuyAmericanJohn Lewis was one of the strongest and most effective voices during the Civil Rights era and maintained a passion for his causes until the very end.  He lived a consequential life and worked hard to make America a more perfect Union.  His voice will be missed.  #RIPJohnLewisTrump Campaign Russia Collusion -- Strzok Notes Debunk New York Times Article | National ReviewThese comments by Mr. Strzok remind us why we should be very cautious and skeptical of any reporting by the @nytimes regarding the Trump presidency.These documents, which I have long sought, tell a damning story for anyone whos interested in trying to find the truth behind the corrupt nature of the FBIs investigation into the Trump campaign in 2016 and beyond.Moreover, the statements by Strzok raise troubling questions as to whether the FBI was impermissibly unmasking and analyzing intelligence gathered on U.S. persons.The statements by Mr. Strzok question the entire premise of the FBIs investigation of the Trump Campaign and make it even more outrageous that the Mueller team continued this investigation for almost two and a half years.Secondly, the comments of Peter Strzok regarding the February 14 New York Times article are devastating in that they are an admission that there was no reliable evidence that anyone from the Trump Campaign was working with Russian Intelligence Agencies in any form.Those who knew or should have known of this development and continued to pursue a FISA warrant against Mr. Page anyway are in deep legal jeopardy in my view.The dossier was a critical document to justify a FISA warrant against Mr. Page and this DOJ memo clearly indicates that the reliability of the dossier was completely destroyed after the interview with the primary sub-source in January 2017.Most importantly after this interview of the sub-source and the subsequent memo detailing the contents of the interview, it was a miscarriage of justice for the FBI and the Department of Justice to continue to seek a FISA warrant against Carter Page in April and June of 2017.It is clear to me that the memo regarding the FBI interview of the primary sub-source in January 2017 should have required the system to stop and reevaluate the case against Mr. Page.A big congratulations and thank you to the Town of Pendletons Police Chief Doyle Burdette who is retiring today after 25 years of service.My parents died when I was young. I dont care much for material possessions, but I make one BIG exception.The reason crime is spiking in these cities is because they've made a full scale assault to diminish Law & Order. You see what happens when you diminish the level of the police, begin to cut their budget, and hurt morale.  It's blowing up in their face.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes. Tune in!Glad to see President @realDonaldTrump talking about rebuilding Americas infrastructure.  When it comes to infrastructure, Mr. President Go Big, Be Bold!My prayers are with Stans family after his passing.  South Carolina has lost a great one with the passing of Stan Spears.I was saddened to learn that my good friend and our states former Adjutant General Stan Spears died.  General Spears was a great military leader for the South Carolina National Guard. He made a real difference for our state and its security.Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on his win in #TX13. Ronny is a strong conservative who will accomplish great things for our military and our country in Congress!Unfortunately, it is not breaking news that the @nytimes is an intolerant media outlet.  It should come as no surprise to anyone that Ms. Weisss experiences with the @nytimes are real.  I wish her well and believe her best days lie ahead.Democrats have shown the lengths they will go to keep power. Boy, I hope they never get it.Its imperative we defeat Doug Jones who has aligned himself with the liberal Washington Democrats at every major turn over the people of Alabama.I appreciate all the service Jeff Sessions has provided the people of Alabama and our nation. I know Jeff has much more to contribute in the years to come.  As to the general election, we have a great candidate in Tommy Tuberville.Congratulations to Coach @TTuberville for a decisive victory in the Alabama GOP Senate runoff.Check out the @TGowdySC Podcast where we discuss the latest on Mueller testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee, the effort to #DefundThePolice, and more.  LISTEN:Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:00 pm.  LISTEN:Speaking with @DanaPerino on @FoxNews at 2:30 pm today. Tune in!Lunch with Lindsey is currently in progress. Tune in!  WATCH:Welcome to Lunch with Lindsey! Please leave your questions or comments in the replies.Check out the podcast with @TGowdySC about the latest on the Mueller investigation and Senate Judiciary Committee, Defund the Police, recent comments from AOC about crime and more! #tuesdayswithtreyTo my Democratic colleagues: Why won't you condemn the radical calls to defund the police?Golf is a great way for the President to get away from the confines of the White House and the pressures of the office.  Keep playing Mr. President.President Trump claims he plays golf fast. Not only is that true, it is a tremendous understatement. I can also attest to the fact that a lot of business is done on the course.Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee have previously requested Mr. Mueller appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee to testify about his investigation.  That request will be granted.Apparently Mr. Mueller is willing - and also capable - of defending the Mueller investigation through an oped in the Washington Post.Mary Jean touched so many lives by her kindness, optimism, humor, and tenacity for her causes. Were gonna win this fall for all the Mary Jeans of the world. RIP my dear friend.It was with great sadness that I learned of the passing of one of my dearest friends and greatest supporters, Mary Jean Baxley. It is with great joy that I know she is with the Lord, free of pain and worry.Equally important: Over time we learn how biased and corrupt Crossfire Hurricane and the Mueller probes were.In my view it would be justified if President @realDonaldTrump decided to commute Roger Stone's prison sentence. Mr. Stone is in his 70s and this was a non-violent, first-time offense.@realDonaldTrump I hope Americans will rally to the companys side in letting everyone in the business world know it is more than OK to work with the President of the United States to make America stronger. #GoyaVery much appreciate Bob Unanue, who apparently committed the unpardonable sin of trying to help President @realDonaldTrump's Hispanic Prosperity Initiative move our economy forward.Regarding Mark Kelly's business ties to China: If the shoe were on the other foot, the mainstream media would be going wild.  China sends America the virus, all the while Mark Kelly gets checks. Follow the yuan!Great job by @SecPompeo applying global Magnitsky Act sanctions against Chinese bad actors. This is a giant step forward.  Sec Pompeo has put China on notice their flagrant violations of international law and norms comes with a price. Well done.Who is backing liberal Democrat Jaime Harrison? - Nancy Pelosi - Chuck Schumer - Hillary Clinton - Rosie ODonnell - Barbara Streisand I must be doing something right if those people want to beat me!Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about why the biggest losers from efforts to #DefundThePolice will be the poorest and most crime-ridden neighborhoods throughout the country. Tune in!If you want to see what life is like where there are no police, courts, or justice systems, spend some time in the Middle East.  A bad idea for America.When the police are 'Defunded' the vacuum will be filled by the most dangerous and unsavory elements of society.  I support reforming the police, not Defunding the Police.The biggest loser from any effort to Defund the Police will be the poorest and most crime-ridden neighborhoods throughout the country.Friends:  It's Senator Graham's birthday week! We're putting together a surprise, and we know seeing your birthday wishes will make this a special day for Senator Graham. Will you add your name to Senator Graham's birthday card today? &gt;&gt;&gt;  Team Graham@kilmeade Graham also discussed NBA allowing players to display social justice messages on uniforms.  Graham feels the NBA is free to make whatever decision they want but believes you will not find anybody sporting Free Hong Kong on their jersey because the NBA is in the tank for China.Senator Graham spoke with @kilmeade about Trump's speech from Mount Rushmore, the left's continued push to defund police as crime soars across the nation, and Black Lives Matter being a left leaning political movement which hurts minority families.Now speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio. LISTEN:Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio this morning at 11:00 am. LISTEN LIVE:The 4th of July represents the birth of a new way of governing that is continually evolving and centers on the hope and power of individual citizens.  It is very much something worth celebrating now and for years to come.Contrary to Mr. Kaepernick's opinion, I believe the world is MUCH better off with America and all the contributions she has made since her founding.Happy Birthday America!  The greatest country on Earth and still the best hope for mankind!   #July4th2020In South Carolina, we know a thing or two about hard work, freedom, and individual liberty. Independence Day is a celebration of those ideas and of the many Americans who sacrificed along the way to realize them. As you go about your day, take a moment to remember them!Did you see the news? The economy added a record 4.8 MILLION jobs in June! America is coming back, people are ready to get to work, and confidence in reopening the country is growing stronger each and every day.Senator @SteveDaines and I just watched this @SenSchumer video and have a few things to say about it...Susan Rice is the one who went on five national TV shows, lied about the level of security at our Benghazi consulate and tried to blame the attack on videos coming out of Egypt.Susan Rice accusing anyone of being derelict in their duties - especially when it comes to national security - is a bit rich.D.C. statehood goes against the wishes of the Founding Fathers, hurts South Carolina, and would empower the most radical agenda in modern American politics.This is really good news.  It means America is coming back economically, people are going back to work.  There is confidence you can actually open up the country.  But coronavirus could be a wet blanket on a growing economy if we dont control it.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:35 am. Tune in!Finally, if we had adopted Senator Pauls mandatory withdrawal from Afghanistan within a year, it would put radical Islamists throughout the world on steroids. We must never forget it was Afghanistan where al Qaeda planned the 9/11 attacks on our nation.I am pleased that members of the Senate are listening to the experts, our commanders and intel specialists, and not General Paul.We have reduced our presence in Afghanistan by over 90% and it is imperative that we maintain our counterterrorism force as an insurance policy against another 9/11attack.Senator Paul and President Obama seem to live in a world where sound military advice doesnt matter.  The intelligence assessments about a non-conditions based withdrawal from Afghanistan regarding our homeland security are devastating.From a South Carolina point of view, this is NOT a good deal for us.  This would dilute South Carolina's say in the United States Senate and it would empower the most radical agenda in modern American politics. #DCStatehoodPress conference with @SteveDaines and @SenTomCotton today at 12:30pm to detail our opposition to House Dem legislation making DC the 51st state. WATCH ONLINE:Holding a press conference today at 12:30 pm today with Senators @SteveDaines and @SenTomCotton to discuss our opposition to #DCStatehood legislation which passed the Democrat-controlled House of Representatives last week. 12:30 pm Senate Radio TV Gallery WashingtonSpeaking with @seanhannity tonight about some of the dangerous and misguided efforts to #DefundPolice we see taking place across America. Tune in!What a pathetic effort by the media to ask hard and relevant questions of @JoeBiden.If you had any doubt whether the mainstream media is basically an extension of the Democratic Party, todays press conference with @JoeBiden should remove all doubt.  You wonder why almost all Republicans have tuned out mainstream media?  Just watch todays news conference.To the Democrats who want to be harder on Russia: put forward your ideas. I will gladly look at them apart from this incident as I have long had major issues with Putins Russia.I completely understand why the President was not briefed, and I completely understand why action against Russia based solely on this intelligence would be unjustified.The Russians have been involved in Afghanistan dating back to the previous administration and would prefer the United States to leave, thus filling the vacuum.The President was not briefed, as there appear to be contradictory analyses of the threat streams gathered by our intelligence community with the most reliable form of intelligence gathering being emphasized.Ive had my differences about the Presidents decision to withdraw from some hotspots in the world, but Ive never questioned his commitment to keep troops safe while theyre in harms way.As to the President, the one thing that has been constant is his unwavering support to protect troops in the field.In my view, the system worked. At the tactical level, force protection was, as always, a priority and at the strategic level, the intelligence did not warrant presidential briefing or action by our country against Russia.Earlier today I received a briefing from the White Houses National Security Advisor, Chief of Staff, and the DNI regarding the New York Times article claiming Russia offered bounties to the Taliban to kill American troops and that President Trump was briefed on these matters.At its core this is about trying to add two more Democratic votes in the U.S. Senate, effectively cancelling out the votes of a state like South Carolina with two Republican Senators.  This effort must be defeated and I will fight against it with all my might.This is a brazen power grab by the Democratic Party to change the makeup of Congress in a manner detrimental to South Carolina and every other state,. Its truly a shame Democrats in Washington are trying to corrupt the very construct of our nation for raw political purposes.This effort, on its face, is unconstitutional and contrary to the Founding Fathers desires.  The District was established as a neutral venue to conduct the affairs of the nation.  It was NOT set up to be an independent state & should not be one today.This is going to be a consequential election for the future of the United States. We're faced with a very clear choice, and I am going to FIGHT for the values that have made this country great. Can I count you on my team? &gt;&gt;&gt;Radical Islam has the will to attack America. Our goal is to make sure they dont have the capability.In many ways a non-conditions based withdrawal from Afghanistan is a greater blunder than Obamas withdrawal from Iraq against sound military advice because Afghanistan is where 9/11 originated.If the Trump Administration continues to withdraw forces in spite of intelligence reports that radical Islamic elements like ISIS and al-Qaeda are growing in Afghanistan then the Trump Administration would be making the same mistake in Afghanistan that Obama made in Iraq.I have always stated that any withdrawal from Afghanistan needs to be conditions-based regarding our own national security.I expect the Trump Administration to take such allegations seriously and inform Congress immediately as to the reliability of these news reports.Imperative Congress get to the bottom of recent media reports that Russian GRU units in Afghanistan have offered to pay the Taliban to kill American soldiers with the goal of pushing America out of the region.SC needs a conservative leader with a record of getting things done not a Nancy Pelosi liberal. If you stand with me and my campaign, will you RT and help spread the word about Jaime Harrison's far-Left, radical agenda?Speaking with @foxandfriends in just a few minutes. Tune in!HISTORIC. The U.S. Senate has now confirmed 200 federal judges since President Trump took office. As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I could not be more proud of this important promise we kept to the American people.When the asylum seekers claim is believed to be meritless by the appropriate investigating agencies, there is no right to judicial review, thus allowing for expedited removal.The courts decision today upholds the principle enacted by Congress that asylum cases have to meet initial screening criteria to be legitimate.The asylum process has been abused in the past, and I applaud the Trump administration for bringing order to chaos.  Word spread all over Central America that if you get into the United States and claim asylum, youre home free.Very pleased to see the Supreme Court uphold expedited removal of meritless asylum claims. This decision by the Supreme Court will substantially help shut down the magnet that our asylum laws have created for illegal immigration.Will be speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes on Fox News. Tune in!As chairman of @senjudiciary Committee, I appreciate all the hard work of our members accomplishing this duty.  The GOP members of the Committee have rolled up their sleeves & made the effort to confirm 200 judges.  The hard work will pay dividends for generations. Well done!Democratic efforts to shut down the conversation are a betrayal of the moment that presented itself to this nation to move forward.  Tim has worked his heart out to try to move the process along. Im very disappointed that it was shut down before it started by Senator Schumer.After todays floor speech, Ive never been more proud of my friend and colleague @SenatorTimScott.  Tim explained with passion why we should be moving forward to debate police reform.With the confirmation of Cory T. Wilson the Republican-controlled Senate has confirmed 200 federal judges appointed by President Trump.  Almost 1 out of every 5 federal judges throughout the country today are Trump nominees.It is clear to me it is an unpardonable sin for Democrats to work with Republicans to try to solve a problem that may benefit President Donald Trump.House Democrats are jamming a bill through the House without any Republican input.  Republicans in the House have been shut out and Senate Democrats are now refusing to even try and find common ground with Republicans on police reform.I am bitterly disappointed by the fact that Senate Democrats will not even allow debate on #policereform.@JoeBiden @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @AOC @realDonaldTrump The Democrat Party will be held captive by the most radical political mob in modern American history.  Their power and electoral success appears to be growing day by day.@JoeBiden @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @AOC Every elected Democrat in office, and every Democrat running for office, lives in fear of the mob and The Squad.  The idea of working with President @realDonaldTrump to accomplish objectives to help America is a one way ticket to political exile.@JoeBiden, @SpeakerPelosi, and @SenSchumer are figureheads.  There is a growing radical liberal movement which will eventually cast them aside.  The real power rests with @AOC, the Squad and affiliated individuals/groups.It appears the French Revolution has now come to the Democratic Party based on initial primary results from New York and Kentucky. If you had any doubts about who is in charge of the Democratic Party ALL doubts should have been removed.Justice.  Finally justice. Justice delayed is better than no justice.Congratulations to President @realDonaldTrump and his administration for delivering on his promise to secure our border by building the wall and getting Mexico to cooperate with the U.S. at unprecedented levels.  Well done, Mr. President.The border wall is going up and illegal crossings are going down.Senate Republicans are moving forward allowing an open amendment process, but Senate Democrats still say NO. Very sad means nothing gets done.When it comes to police reform:  House Democrats, who control the House of Representatives, have created a closed process and are steamrolling House Republicans.This decision, in my view, will have a chilling effect on our economic recovery at a time we should be doing all we can to restore the economy.President Trump built it once and he can build it again, but not if the tools that helped create the strongest economy in generations are not available.Like all Americans, I want to recreate the strong economy we had before coronavirus. The policies which created that economy should be utilized today.The shuttering of these programs may not lead to employment opportunities for displaced American workers, but could instead increase the cost of consumer goods for Americans -- particularly service industry related products.Unfortunately, I fear the Presidents decision today to temporarily shut down these programs will create a drag on our economic recovery.Before coronavirus, legal immigration and programs like these played an important role in helping President Trump create the strongest economy in generations. I have little doubt that programs like these would help him build it again.Work visas for temporary and seasonal jobs covering industries like hospitality, forestry, and many economic sectors can only be issued AFTER American workers have had a chance to fill the job position.Those who believe legal immigration, particularly work visas, are harmful to the American worker do not understand the American economy.Legal immigration is a positive for the American economy, and visa programs allowing American companies to secure qualified, legal labor throughout the world have benefitted economic growth in the United States.After this week's Judiciary Committee hearing on policing reform, I'm hopeful there is going to be a genuine effort to bring about policing reform. But we must come together regardless of party to get it done.On this date 155 years ago, word spread throughout the country the war was over, slavery had ended, and freedom began. That date represented the first step in a long journey to realize freedom and equality and to heal a wounded nation. The journey continues.Such a concept should be employed, when it comes to police departments. If they're following best police practices, they should be immune from liability. If they fail, they should be accountable.The concept of standard of care has dramatically improved medicine because if a doctor meets the standard of care, they're immune from liability.Qualified immunity reform should have as its focus professionalizing police departments, institutionalizing best police practices when it comes to use of force, and protecting constitutional rights of American citizens.No cop should have to worry about losing their house or their life's work because of making decisions on the job. My goal is to drive police departments and systems throughout the country to adopt the best policing practices when it comes to use of force.The subject of qualified immunity is often mentioned in this debate. My view is it is now time to revisit the judicial doctrine of qualified immunity, understanding that individual police officers will be immune from civil liability.I agree with many statements made by my Democratic and Republican colleagues that we have an historic opportunity to reform policing, to make it better and more just for all. It's time for the body to rise to the occasion, and Im hopeful we can.Equally importantly, it puts billions of dollars into the system to address the national parks maintenence backlog, which has been neglected for decades.Big bipartisan vote on the Great American Outdoors Act. This legislation expands the Land & Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) to preserve pristine lands for future generations in a private sector fashion.On the five year anniversary, we think of those who lost their lives and the families left behind. The Christmases without loved ones. The birthdays missed. Our hearts are still broken and our prayers remain with the parishioners at Mother Emanuel.I know that type of grace can only come from God. Of all the things that I've seen in public life, the words from the family members continue to amaze me to this day. You must truly have the love of the Lord in your heart to be able to muster that kind of forgiveness.Then just days after this horrible tragedy, the people at Mother Emanuel showed a level of love and forgiveness that was truly unimaginable. It was an act that is rarely seen. I personally cannot imagine turning to the person who killed my family members saying I forgive you.It remains hard to understand how anyone could have so much hate in their heart. To be welcomed into a church, worship with the parishioners, and then turn around and shoot them in cold blood remains one of the most horrific acts ever recorded.Five years have passed and it still feels like a bad dream, but we know it actually happened. The senseless murder of nine parishioners at Mother Emanuel hit South Carolina like a ton of bricks.Once again, thank you, South Carolina, for the overwhelming show of support in Tuesdays Primary Election. I'm looking forward to this fall -- and with your support, victory in November!Wishing @RepTomRice, his wife Wrenzie, and son Lucas a speedy recovery from COVID19. A great family doing a great job for South Carolina.Happy birthday to President @realDonaldTrump. The best is yet to come - hope you had a good round!@senjudiciary @SenatorTimScott Will Democrats work with Republicans or just politically posture?  Time will tell.@senjudiciary @SenatorTimScott Tim is working hard to try to bring solutions to the table and Im proud to be working with him. The problem is many liberals play politics and use these issues to advance radical economic and criminal justice ideas.As Chairman of @senjudiciary I really appreciate @SenatorTimScott's leadership in drafting proposals to deal with policing and criminal justice reforms, particularly regarding the use of force.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:25 pm about @senjudiciary investigation into FISA abuse and Crossfire Hurricane.  Tune in!General Milley is a tremendous military leader who understands the long tradition of maintaining an apolitical, nonpartisan military.I have nothing but deep admiration for and total confidence in General Milley as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  I support his statement in both substance and spirit regarding the recent presidential visit to St. Johns.Today, the Judiciary Committee resumed its mission to get to the bottom of Crossfire Hurricane and the Russia investigation by authorizing dozens of new subpoenas to former Obama administration officials involved in these operations.Turnout in yesterdays primaries for Republicans (464,329) was 158% higher than Democrats (292,300). This does not bode well for Democrats in November. (5/5)Senator Graham received 51,620 more votes than Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden did in February and 41,577 more than Hillary Clinton did in the 2016 SC Democratic Primary. (4/5)Senator Graham received nearly as many votes yesterday as the entire Republican field received in 2014 (313,956 yesterday compared to 316,989 in 2014). (3/5)Senator Grahams support among Republicans has never been higher... 68% of the vote is the largest percentage Lindsey Graham has ever received in any Republican Primary for Senate or House of Representatives. (2/5)Some fast facts about the 2020 SC GOP Primary from #TeamGraham: Yesterday's turnout of 464,329 was the highest ever for a non-presidential primary in South Carolina. This shows massive excitement and engagement by Republicans. (1/5)Republicans in South Carolina are excited about the opportunity to reject socialism and big government solutions. Republicans are busting at the seams to vote in 2020.What does this mean? It shows massive enthusiasm among South Carolina Republicans to continue confirming conservative judges, cutting taxes, rebuilding our military, and creating jobs.I was very honored to have received such overwhelming support among Republicans in the largest turnout of a non-presidential Republican Primary in South Carolina history.Thank you, South Carolina! On to November...Members of #TeamGraham are still campaigning for votes across South Carolina during rush-hour traffic!  Polls are open until 7:00 PM.  Id be honored to have your vote.Have you had the chance to cast your ballot? Polls are open until 7:00 PM, so there is still time to make your voice heard! Id be honored to have your vote. #SCVotes  Find Your Polling Location and Information &gt;&gt;&gt;Members of #TeamGraham are out in force today across South Carolina and they won't stop working until the polls close.   Thank you for your support and most importantly, your vote! #scgopIts Primary Day in SC, & polls are OPEN. We have the chance to elect strong conservatives statewide & your vote is critical to taking back the House & defending our Majority in the Senate. Today, I'm asking for YOUR vote in the Republican Primary!Signs, calls, and more! We had an incredible GOTV swing across the state these past couple of days. Everyone is fired up to vote TUESDAY! See you at the polls.The Republican Primary is tomorrow and I need to know youre in my corner! Click the link below to join #TeamGraham with your endorsement.Speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes. Tune in!Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:10 AM on Fox News Channel. Tune in!The scope and sheer size of this endeavor was beyond amazing.  The bravery and commitment of Allies forces to end Nazi terror will always be remembered as they changed the world for the better.  God bless all those who participated!On this date in 1944 the greatest military operation in history took place with the landing of Allied forces in Normandy along the beaches and coastal areas of France.Over 5,000 Guardsman from across the United States have left their homes to protect our nations Capitol.  God bless them all. They make us proud!Great visit yesterday with @SCNationalGuard troops deployed to Washington, DC.  South Carolina is one of eleven states contributing National Guard troops to protect our monuments and maintain order.Ive been listening, Ive been learning, and on June 16th the Judiciary Committee will hear and learn even more.Speaking with @TeamCavuto today at 4:10 pm. Tune in!Very encouraging jobs report with the addition of 2.5 million jobs.  Strong sign the economy is beginning to reopen and hopefully better days lie ahead.We support police departments who are striving to do better and hold them accountable when they cross the line.Any City or Entity that Abolishes Their Police Department: What effect do you believe this will have on economic development, tourism, and public safety?  If you are looking for a good place to visit or state to do business, come to #SouthCarolina.Federal taxpayer dollars come from all 50 states to help DC.  Why should we continue to provide federal funding to an entity who refuses to allow lawfully assembled National Guardsmen a place to sleep?I will do everything possible to push back against this outrage against the men and women of our National Guard.  They left their homes and businesses in Utah to protect homes and businesses in our nations Capital.  The Mayor of DC should thank them not evict them!If media reports are accurate, the decision by the Mayor of DC to cancel hotel accommodations for members of the Utah National Guard who were deployed to restore order is beyond outrageous.@nytimes @TomCottonAR I also worry that liberal social media outlets - with more power than the @nytimes - will engage in this same type of conduct.  That is why it is time we revisit Section 230 as President @realDonaldTrump has called for.If there was ever any doubt liberal outlets have a desire to silence conservative voices, the actions taken today by the @nytimes regarding Senator @TomCottonAR should remove all doubt.  The new motto of the @nytimes is:   'All the News Fit to Print...As Long as We Agree'Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on Fox News about @senjudiciary's continuing investigation into Crossfire Hurricane. Tune in!Less than 1 week until ELECTION DAY!  Your support in our 6/9 Republican Primary is vital to victory in November, and together, I have no doubt we can defend our Republican Majority in the U.S. Senate!  Mark your calendar by clicking HERE &gt;&gt;Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:30 pm.  LISTEN LIVE:The Committee will debate and vote on subpoena authorization related to the FISA abuse investigation and oversight of the Crossfire Hurricane investigation.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:25 AM. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:30 pm about #RosensteinTestimony in @senjudiciary Committee.  Tune in!We learned a lot today, and I have a few thoughts about it...Senator Graham hailed as a Pro-Life Hero of Exceptional Caliber.  I am honored to announce SBA List Candidate PAC has endorsed my campaign for reelection! For years, I have worked with @SBAList on important pro-life legislation, and I look forward to continuing our efforts.The lawlessness we see on the streets is not the answer and I fully support the use of federal forces, if necessary, to restore order.I am confident those responsible for Mr. Floyds murder will be brought to justice through the Rule of Law.  However, it is now time to bring the Rule of Law to bear on the rioters and agitators who are destroying communities and corrupting the tragedy of Mr. Floyds murder.Righteous indignation against police brutality but wholesale condemnation of rioting and destruction of communities by force of violence.Just watched the Mayor of St. Paul, Minnesota, Melvin Carter, eloquently describe the situation our country is faced with after the murder of Mr. George #Floyd.Im hoping that Congress, in a bipartisan fashion, working with the administration will promptly deliver these actions.As to withdrawing from the WHO, I fully understand the Presidents frustrations with the organization, particularly with the fact that theyve become Chinese apologists. President Trumps strong statements today must be met with strong action.It is sad to see the European Unions pathetic and weak response towards CCP aggression against Hong Kong.It is my hope that Congress, in working with the President, will come up with a series of sanctions that will be strong enough to change Chinese behavior and restore the rule of law in Hong Kong.President Trump spoke forcefully on behalf of the people of Hong Kong who are becoming victims of the Chinese Communist Partys complete disdain for the rule of law.I very much appreciate President @realDonaldTrumps scathing indictment of the Chinese Communist Partys historic abuses of Hong Kongs human rights and democracy and their systemic disregard of the rules of free and fair trade.We intend to shine a bright light on the problems associated with Mr. Floyds death, with the goal of finding a better way forward for our nation.The Committee intends to call a wide variety of witnesses on the topics of better policing, addressing racial discrimination regarding the use of force, as well as building stronger bonds between communities and police.Both of us are appalled at what we saw and believe it is important to have a hearing as soon as possible as to how to combat this outrage.I have just spoken with @SenFeinstein, Ranking Member on @senjudiciary, about the horrific death of George Floyd while in police custody in Minneapolis.Honored to be invited to participate in today's South Florence High School Class of 2020 graduation ceremony. WATCH:Speaking with @HughHewitt in just a few minutes. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @HughHewitt this morning about the latest on @senjudiciary, China, and more. LISTEN LIVE AT 8:30 AMThe sacrifices we made as a nation has saved lives.  To those who have lost a loved one, may God provide you comfort.Our nation has been hit hard by the #coronavirus and today we passed a sad milestone of 100,000 deaths.  Im convinced that if we had not engaged in aggressive mitigation practices the number would be much greater.Happy birthday to South Carolina Governor @henrymcmaster.  Hes doing a great job navigating our state through these difficult times.  Hope the Governor has a wonderful birthday with his family and friends!Speaking with Christian Talks @Josh_Kimbrell on Common Cents radio today at 5:30 pm.  LISTEN ONLINE:@SecPompeo I urge President @realDonaldTrump to rally the freedom loving nations of the world to the side of Hong Kong.In light of @SecPompeo's announcement that Hong Kong is no longer autonomous, it is imperative the Senate act on bipartisan legislation sanctioning China for the destruction of Hong Kongs democracy and freedom.  We must move quickly and decisively.REMINDER RSVP for tonight's Telephone Town Hall Meeting hosted by Senator Graham! &gt;&gt;Like President @realDonaldTrump Id be very interested in seeing the transcript between General Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak.  For the sake of transparency, release the transcripts.Tomorrow, Senator Graham will be hosting a Telephone Town Hall Meeting. Be sure to RSVP by clicking the link below -- and come prepared with questions! RSVP &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt;Hope Senate will immediately take up bipartisan sanctions bill pushing back against Chinas efforts to destroy Hong Kongs freedom & democracy. Time is of the essence. I believe there would be a large bipartisan vote to punish China for their outrageous conduct toward Hong Kong.Afghanistan is the place where 9/11 was planned. God bless Lieutenant Bowman, a true American hero, and may God provide comfort to his family and friends.The recent death of First Lt. Trevarius Bowman in Afghanistan, a member of the South Carolina National Guard residing in Spartanburg, is a sad reminder of the price to be paid in the War on Terror.This #MemorialDay2020 we are able to enjoy our lives because others were willing to sacrifice theirs.  Have fun. Stay safe.  Remember the fallen.Great to see President @realDonaldTrump rendering military salute to our fallen.Over the years, generations of Americans more than a million have paid the ultimate price in defense of our values and freedoms. Today, I would ask you to join me in honoring the sacred sacrifice of those who have laid down their lives... we owe them an insurmountable debt.#CapitalOnesTheMatch  A lot of fun to watch.  Bad golf for a good cause.  The trash talking is better than the golf.  What a great event!It is time to smartly jump start the economy and begin returning to a more regular life. May God continue to bless our frontline health care workers and all Americans who have fought so hard to protect others.Glad to see President @realdonaldtrump back on the links.  Americans have worked hard to mitigate the spread of the virus and so has President Trump.Obama and Biden had 8 years to deliver and failed.Creating opportunity zones in rural and poor urban areas will give hope to these communities and create desperately needed jobs. Lets work together to bring broadband and 5G to every opportunity zone and throughout rural America.President @realDonaldTrump you are right in taking on Joe Biden regarding your record in delivering for the African American community as well as other minority groups. The First Step Act rolled back the damage done by the Biden 1994 3-Strikes Youre Out crime bill.@JoeBiden This attitude is wearing thin and one of the reasons President @realDonaldTrump will be reelected.The comments from @JoeBiden were truly offensive, but a rare and honest insight into liberals thinking.  Liberals believe you really cant be black, Latino, female, or intelligent unless you support their liberal agenda.Well said @SenatorTimScott !  Democrats best hope is that people will blindly support their radical agenda.  Im confident Americans of all backgrounds will soundly reject @JoeBiden's offensive comment.We must keep our foot on their throat over there so they are not successful here.  We cant let our guard down.It appears the attack on Naval Air Station in Corpus Christi, Texas was terrorism related.  As terrorists regenerate in the Middle East it increases radicalization efforts here at home.It is time to pass my legislation imposing sanctions on China for refusing to cooperate with the international community regarding the origins of #COVID19, failing to close their wet markets, and for their efforts to destroy Hong Kong.This would be the most flagrant violation yet of the international norms and the rule of law by the Chinese Communist Party.President Trump: It is imperative that we put China on notice as to the consequences they would face if they try to end the one country, two systems arrangement of autonomy in Hong Kong.Every tool in the economic and diplomatic tool box should be used to hold China accountable if they proceed down the path of destroying #HongKong as we know it.I'm deeply honored to have the endorsement of the @NRLC. For years I've worked arm in arm with this wonderful organization to promote a culture of life in the US & fight for unborn children. I look forward to continuing this important work & building on the trust placed in me.Wishing @CindyMcCain a GREAT, Happy Birthday.  Have a quarantine cocktail on me.  Very proud of the work you are doing in fighting the scourge of Human Trafficking.The Left has targeted our campaign in the hopes of turning SC blueand they are raising millions to do it. Tonight, we have our final FEC filing deadline before the 6/9 primary, and I need your support. Can I count on you to chip in before midnight? &gt;&gt;Look forward to participating in the Town Hall tonight at 7:00 pm answering questions from citizens across South Carolina with @WSPA7 @WCBD @WBTWNews13 @WSAV and @WJBF.Justice should be measured, not vindictive. Punishing General Flynn when the government wants to drop the charges reeks of vindictive justice -- and I hope Judge Sullivan will not go down this road turning our legal system upside-down.This attack shows that we cant let our guard down or we will always pay a heavy price.But I do have questions:  How did the vetting process fail? Why were so many apparent ties to al-Qaeda missed? We also need to solve the encryption problem in a balanced way for our own national security interests.I appreciate the FBI uncovering the al-Qaeda link to the Pensacola shooting.  The attack serves as a reminder that terrorists are trying to hit us every day.  They never tire of killing Americans.We did it!! She didn't have much to work with, but she did a heck of a job!  Thank you to Governor @henrymcmaster and all those who have worked to safely reopen business across South CarolinaIts been a long time!However, very clear to me that ISIS and al-Qaeda type elements are growing stronger in Afghanistan.  Big concern for American homeland.Very glad to hear @ashrafghani and @DrabdullahCE are making great efforts to form a new Afghan government. This would be welcome news. Appreciate all the effort of President @realdonaldTrump, @secpompeo and @us4afghanpeace in pushing this process along.With SC set to reopen, we're finally waking up from Groundhog Day. While at home, I spent a lot of time on the phone, answering questionsand struggling to distance myself 6ft from the fridge. To that end, I developed a personal fitness routine while in isolation...We need strong and reliable voices who will stand up to China in the Senate like @MarthaMcSally.I appreciate @CaptMarkKelly's service to our country, but the last thing we need in the U.S. Senate is someone who took the yuan and ran. He should fully account for his business ties with China.The Pelosi package will never see the light of day in the Senate.  In the Senate we will work with the Trump Administration to jump start the economy and fund efforts to defeat COVID19.They are focused on ensuring illegal immigrants get a $1,200 check from the federal government and ensuring cannabis industry bankers meet certain diversity goals.This $3 trillion spending package is a window into the souls of the radical House Democrats.This pandemic has been a wake-up call. Were too dependent on China for pharmaceuticals and medical equipment, and I want those days to end. The next shipment of PPE that we celebrate, I want it to be from South Carolina not China.Congratulations to Jimmy McCain for graduating from ASU and receiving his degree in history. It gets even better as he has been accepted to the graduate program at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland - one of the most prestigious universities in the world. Well done Jimmy & familyMary Jean is a rockstar volunteer for #TeamGraham. Even as she battles cancer, she does everything she can to help us to victory. Today, we were thrilled to surprise her with the Volunteer of the Year Award for her tireless work. We love you Mary Jean!Speaking about the need to move our medical supply chain from China back to the United States.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio in just a few minutes. LISTEN:Speaking with @marklevinshow in just a few minutes. LISTEN:Speaking with @foxandfriends at 8:30 am this morning about the latest on the Flynn situation and more.I specifically want to know how many unmasking requests were made, if any, beyond General Flynn regarding members of the Trump campaign team, family, or associates.In light of General Flynns unmasking by the Obama Administration, the job of Congress will be to perform oversight of these unmasking requests to ensure the process was used for legitimate national security concerns, not reprisals or political curiosity.The unmasking of General Flynn by the Obama Administration regarding conversations during the presidential transition are deeply troubling and smell of politics, not national security.I very much appreciate DNI Grenell releasing names of the Obama Administration officials who made the unmasking requests of American citizen conversations with foreign entities.It has so much unrelated to coronavirus it is Dead on Arrival in the Senate.I hope Democrats will step up to the plate and now join us in holding China accountable.  Time will tell.Great to hear @RepDougCollins is introducing my China sanctions bill in the House of Representatives. Doug is off and running in the House to make China cooperate regarding the coronavirus.The killing of hospital personnel, mothers, and newborns needs to be responded to with overwhelming force.Could not agree more with @SecPompeo that these barbaric attacks against a maternity hospital and funeral procession must be fully investigated and understood with an all hands on deck approach.I would urge Rich Grenell, who has done a terrific job, to release the names of the people who made the unmasking request.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm about the latest on the Flynn matter, FISA, and more. Tune in!  Flynn judge to allow 'amicus' submissions, delaying any immediate resolution to caseNational Democrats are targeting our campaign, and it's critical we continue growing our grassroots network in SC. Your support is vital to victory, and together, I have no doubt we can defend our majority! &gt;&gt;&gt;The Department of Defense is required by law to purchase military uniforms from American companies; why wouldn't we do the same for the protective equipment our frontline healthcare workers need to fight a pandemic?Our June 9th Republican Primary might not be until next month, but you can voice your support with a lawn sign! If you have a piece of land, a small business, or an empty window longing for the chance to have its voice heard, request a yard sign today. &gt;&gt;&gt;Tune in tonight at 9pm!Im going to do everything I can to make sure that South Carolina leads the way when it comes to getting the medical supply chain out of China.Great questions from our recent Online Town Hall!  YES, we're moving forward with judicial appointments.  NO, illegals aren't eligible for stimulus checks.  NO, America's supply chain shouldn't rely on China.  YES, I'm pretty sure E.T. can contract #COVID19.Register here:ATTENTION SC VOTERS  We're up against a tight deadline, and in order to vote in our 6/9 Republican Primary, you MUST register to vote by TOMORROW, 5/9. If we're going to defend our majority in the U.S. Senate, your support in this primary is critical. Can I count on you?Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm about the Flynn decision. Tune in!To my Democrat colleagues: Why won't you work with Republicans to hold China accountable for the deaths of over 60,000 Americans and putting 30 million Americans out of work? It's time for Democrats to step up. China is the problem not Trump!The legal foundation for Muellers appointment is crumbling.This is J. Edgar Hoover stuff.Now I know why Mueller didn't find anything -- there was nothing there to find.  Before it even started, they (FBI/DOJ) knew.The legal foundation for Muellers appointment is crumbling.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the origins of the Mueller investigation. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 pm about the latest on this issue.Are you registered to vote in South Carolina? If not, the time to act is TODAY. Already registered? Be sure your voter information is up to date before our June 9th Republican Primary. For more information and to register, please click HERE &gt;&gt;&gt;The virus didn't come from Trump Tower, it came from China. Those refusing to hold communist China accountable are doing so because it would prove Trump to be right about China, and quite frankly, it's pretty sick.ICYMI  Interview with @marthamaccallumNow speaking with @marthamaccallum on Fox News. Tune in!ICYMI  Spoke with Tony Perkins of @FRCdc earlier today about holding China accountable for #COVID19. LISTEN:Speaking with Fox News @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:40 pm. Tune in!Speaking with Tony Perkins of @FRCdc in just a few minutes about the latest on #COVID19 and holding China accountable. LISTEN LIVE:URGENT VOTER DEADLINE: In order to vote in next month's primary elections, you MUST register to vote by this Saturday, May 9. For more information and to register, please visit the State Election Commission's webpage &gt;&gt;&gt;Speaking with #IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:15 pm on Fox News. Tune in! @IngrahamAngleSpeaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News this morning at 10:25 am. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity tonight on Fox News Channel about the latest on the FBI and General Flynn as well as #2020Elections. Tune In!Fully support Governor @henrymcmasters decision to reopen outdoor seating at South Carolina restaurants with the proper social distancing measures in place.I expect in the coming weeks to give those who occupied the 7th Floor offices an opportunity to explain their behavior. Let the chips fall where they may.Apparently it was Peter Strzok who intervened suggesting the 7th Floor (FBI leadership) was interested in keeping the case open.It appears from released documents the Washington field office made up of traditional FBI agents believed there was no there there when it came to General Flynn.America shouldn't ever have to rely on Communist China -- or anyone else -- for our basic healthcare needs. This pandemic has been a wake-up call, and in the future, I want America's healthcare workers wearing surgical masks made in the United States.If you pay people $23 an hour not to work, they will take you up on it. It doesnt mean theyre lazy.  It means if you offer them $23 an hour not to work, theyll probably take that over $17 to go to work.Attorney General Barr needs to be complimented. Hes doing the right thing.  AG Barr has three goals I share: * Restore trust. * Hold people accountable who have engaged in misconduct. *Right wrongs like General Flynn, and I believe eventually, George Papadopolous.Its pretty apparent to me that General Flynn was a victim of an out of control Department of Justice.  He basically got railroaded.  Its pretty widely known the Obama Administration did not have much use for General Flynn.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm.Virtual Town Hall meeting right now.  WATCH:Watch our Virtual Town Hall going on now. WATCH:Virtual Town Hall is about to begin. WATCH ON YOUTUBE:Welcome Senator Lindsey Graham's virtual town hall meeting. Please leave your questions or comments in the replies.Media availability with South Carolina Governor @henrymcmaster, Lt. Gov. @PamelaEvette, and @SenatorTimScott on today's #acceleratesc meeting will be starting in just a few minutes. WATCH:Now speaking at today's #acceleratesc meeting.  WATCH LIVE:Attending today's #accelerateSC meeting. WATCH LIVE ONLINE:REMINDER  Team Graham Virtual Town Hall streaming across Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube TODAY!Join me tonight for a Virtual Town Hall! I'll be LIVE across Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. RT to help spread the word. Follow along via the links below, and be sure to come with questions ready!ICYMI  26 million Americans are out of work because of this virus.  Almost 56,000 Americans are dead because of this virus.  A combination of gross negligence plus willful deception by the Chinese government led to this.Speaking with @marthamaccallum on Fox News Channel at 7:00 pm tonight. Tune in!Kim Jong Un is one of the most ruthless people on the planet and if hes dead, Im not going to shed a tear.We want the masks made in the United States.  We dont want to ever have to rely on China or anyone else for our basic health care needs.However today was yet another reminder I dare say Wake Up Call - about how dependent we have become on China for our medical supply chain.  If the disease returns in the fall hopefully we will not have to rely on China for medical equipment as it will be made in the USA.I appreciate all those who were able to secure over 1 million masks for Prisma Health in South Carolina.  Also thank you to Boeing for providing the DreamLifter to deliver these medical supplies from China.Happy birthday to @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP.  Melania is doing a tremendous job representing the USA!The bottom line is, without Joe Biden, there would be no ISIS.  Without Donald Trump, the ISIS caliphate would still exist.  Donald Trump is the one that killed Soleimani -- the biggest terrorist of all in Iran -- and Joe Biden opposed that.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm.  Tune in!America can't go back to work yet because Congress made it pay more to stay homeThe Senators were attacked in the media, and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called them cruel.  But they turned out to be right.Very sorry to hear of the passing of Elizabeth Warrens brother - Donald Reed Herring - who succumbed to #COVID19.  I know @ewarren has a very close family and my prayers are with her and her entire family during this difficult time.ICYMI: Spoke yesterday with @wyffnews4 about Georgia's decision to re-open barbershops, tattoo parlors and other close quarter businesses.  WATCH:We are fifty individual states but when it comes to the virus we are all in this fight together.  Because of the sacrifices we have made as a nation there is light at the end of the tunnel. Better days are ahead.I am confident that in the coming weeks if we follow the guidelines more and more businesses will be safely reopened.  Our goal is to achieve a bump in the economy without creating a spike in the virus.The best way forward is to follow the guidelines set by President Trump and his team.  Barber shops, hair salons, tattoo parlors, and other close quarter business activity will come after a successful Phase I.I totally understand Governor Kemps desire to allow businesses to reopen as small business owners are under great stress. President Trump and his team have given us a sound roadmap on how to safely reopen the economy. I strongly suggest, as a nation, we follow it.I agree with President @realDonaldTrumps concern about Georgia going too far too fast with business re-openings.  I have great respect for Governor Kemp and believe that future re-openings can occur rather quickly but we must get Phase I right.I want to make people whole who lost their job through no fault of their own.  But I don't want to pay people more NOT to work than to actually go to work.Being strong in the Middle East has proven, over time, to be the only way to deal with threats. Well done Mr. President!Totally support President Trumps decision to allow U.S. Navy vessels to engage any threats coming from Iran.  We owe it to our men and women in uniform to allow them to protect themselves.Need a reason to participate in the next #TeamGraham Facebook Live or Tele-Town Hall? Aside from good conversation, you just never know what sort of questions are going to turn up...Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 about the latest int the fight against #COVID19.  Tune in!ICYMI: Spoke with @foxcarolinanews today about:  South Carolina taking limited steps to reopen our economy actions in Georgia regarding #COVID19 future relationship with China will schools reopen this year North Korea and more. WATCH:@henrymcmaster We respect Georgia's right to determine its own fate, but we are all in this together.  What happens in Georgia will impact us in South Carolina.I support what South Carolina Governor @henrymcmaster announced yesterday -- a small reopening of our state's economy with a focus on social distancing.  I worry that our friends and neighbors in Georgia are going too fast too soon.I want to make people whole who lost their job through no fault of their own.  But I don't want to pay people more NOT to work than to actually go to work.Tonight at 9pm!  Tune in!It's ridiculous we cannot replenish the small business loan program which is working well.  If we can't reach an agreement to save additional jobs in the small business sector, Congress should cut its own pay!Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism. China is the largest state sponsor of pandemics.Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism. China is the largest state sponsor of pandemics.What did we do to Iran who is the bad actor? We sanctioned Iran.  What should we do to the largest state sponsor of pandemics on the globe?  We should sanction China to get them to change their behavior.If it were not for the irresponsible behavior of the Chinese communist party there would be no #COVID19Pandemic  Thousands of Americans would still be alive and 22 million Americans would still be working at their jobs. China is responsible. It is time to hold them to account.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes. Tune in!To those who want to second-guess the governments reaction, I dont buy it. The actions President Trump took probably prevented well over a million American deaths from the virus.Facebook Town Hall LIVE right now. Answering your questions on #Covid19 and more. WATCH:Join our Facebook Town Hall currently in progress. WATCH:Holding a LIVE Facebook Town Hall right now. WATCH:Do you have questions about the governments response to #COVID19? Ill be hosting a live Facebook Town Hall tonight and would love for you to join me. If you have a question, leave it in the comments below and Ill try to answer it at 7pm!Speaking in just a few minutes about the latest on #COVID19 on ABC #TheView.  Tune in!Join me Thursday, April 16, for a Facebook Live Town Hall!Until WHO changes its behavior and leadership, I think its in Americas best interest to withhold funding. Theyve been deceptive, theyve been slow, theyve been Chinese apologists and they've failed miserably when it comes to #COVID19.I have great respect for @BillGates and his work in the public health arena.  If someone like Bill Gates were in charge of the WHO I would gladly support increased funding, but I have lost all confidence in the current WHO leadership and capabilities.The current WHO leadership has proven to be incompetent and shown overwhelming evidence of China bias.  Cutting off funding to the WHO at this time is the right move.This morning, I went to @BorgWarner a really good local company, who was hit very hard and one individual was killed.  We were fortunate we did not have a greater loss of life in Seneca, my hometown.@realDonaldTrump We voted to acquit President Trump on February 6.  During that time, Democrats were making witness requests which if they had been granted would have extended the trial through most of February.  Very sad, very dangerous.When it comes to the month of February, most Democrats and the media were more worried about impeaching President @realDonaldTrump than coronavirus.Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 8:10 AM on @FoxBusiness Channel.  Tune in!Some on the right claim President Trump overreacted.  Some on the left say he was slow to react.  Based on my view, he made the right decision based on the circumstances. President Trump acted responsibly.Also remember Democrats were pushing hard to extend impeachment in early February by calling additional witnesses to the Senate trial.  Clearly, Democrats were not concerned about #COVID19 hurting the country when they were pushing an extension the Senate impeachment trial.The U.S. is in the middle of a presidential impeachment trial and President @realdonaldTrump is supposed to shut the entire economy down?  I wonder what Democrats would have said about this move during the height of the Senate impeachment trial?Let me see if Ive got this right:  The World Health Organization in January says no human-to-human transmission in China. Dont stop travel to and from China.Thinking about all my friends and neighbors who are suffering.  The power of nature is enormous.A very difficult time for my hometown of Seneca, South Carolina which was hit by a tornado early this morning.  Apparently we have suffered loss of life and a lot of wind damage.  Friends at Borg Warner plant hit hard as well as other areas.Very pleased to see Prime Minister @BorisJohnson was discharged from the hospital and delivered a moving tribute to health care workers. We must keep our guard up as we battle #COVID19 but better days are ahead.Wishing you and your loved ones a very Happy Easter! #HeIsRisenI want to make our response to this so overwhelming China will change its behavior.  I want the medical supply chain back in the US, and I want to stop canceling some debt that we owe to China because they should be paying us - not us paying China.The first thing I want to do is get the United States Senate on the record where we, we dont blame Trump - we blame China. The Chinese government is responsible for 16,000 American deaths and 17 million Americans being unemployed.Sens. Graham, Coons call on China to 'immediately' shut down wet marketsSpeaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm on Fox News about the role of Chinese Wet Markets in the #CoronavirusPandemic. Tune in!Many people, like former Governor @ScottWalker of Wisconsin could provide expertise to such a Task Force.  Our unemployment systems are failing due to outdated technology and overwhelming claims.  The U.S. Department of Labor needs help in coordinating the response.While unemployment benefit programs are primarily state responsibilities, I would encourage President @realDonaldTrump and his team to create a Task Force focused on the problems associated with unemployment ASAP.I appreciate all the Trump Administration is doing to contain coronavirus and help employers and workers affected by our mitigation policies.  However, the unemployment problem in this country is in dire need of focused attention.When it comes to problems associated with mass unemployment, I fear the worst is yet to come.  Millions of Americans are out of work through no fault of their own.As the #COVID19 outbreak continues, donations are needed to maintain sufficient blood supply.  Blood centers are taking necessary precautions to ensure your safety.  If you are healthy, consider donating blood to ensure availability for those in need.Sens. Cory Booker, Lindsey Graham and more than 60 congressional lawmakers urged the World Health Organization on Thursday to ban and permanently close all wet markets globally amid the #CoronavirusPandemic.Do I believe that China should be held financially responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic? Absolutely.  Click RETWEET if you agree!Tonight begins the celebration of #Passover one of the most meaningful holidays for my friends of the Jewish faith.  Our faith gives us hope better days are ahead during difficult times like these.  God bless and have a wonderful #Passover celebration.Speaking with @TeamCavuto today at 4:10 pm on Fox News about the latest on #CoronavirusPandemic.  Tune in!Ive received numerous questions about the federal governments response to COVID-19. Here are my answers to 3 of the most frequently asked questions.@BernieSanders policies now OVERSHADOW the party of @BillClinton and @BarackObama.  A weakened @JoeBiden, who enjoys very little enthusiasm for his candidacy, will DARE NOT cross the Bernie movement on policy.  That is good news for President @realDonaldTrump!Bernie Sanders honesty about being a socialist may have cost him the Democratic nomination yet again.  However, he should feel some satisfaction in the fact that HIS POLICIES have won the day in the Democratic Party.@BernieSanders However, while I firmly believe the socialist agenda pushed by Senator Sanders is out of the mainstream of America, in many ways his agenda will be the on ballot in 2020.  (2/2)Whether you agree or disagree with @BernieSanders he has made a real difference in the Democratic Party.  All of his supporters should be proud of the effort. (1/2)ICYMI: Im in charge of the Appropriations Subcommittee and Im not going to support funding the WHO and its Chinese apologists. Under the current leadership, I dont think theyre a good investment for the US. WATCH:Speaking with @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:30 pm on Fox News Channel. If it were up to me the whole world would send China a bill for the #CoronavirusPandemic.In my opinion, Captain Crozier was properly relieved of his duties for allowing a letter to be disseminated outside the chain of command which showed the ship was in a compromised position. This was not the way to do business.  A fresh start for the Navy is very much in order.Appreciate acting Secretary of the Navy Thomas Modly tendering his resignation in light of his engagement with the crew of the USS Theodore Roosevelt.  It was very inappropriate to attack the former captain in the manner shown by acting Secretary Modly. It is time to move on.I want to take a moment to thank all of those on the front lines of the fight against our invisible enemy: Our doctors, nurses, first responders, and those up and down the supply chain who help keep our shelves stocked. Our prayers are with all of you!If it were up to me the whole world would send China a bill for the #CoronavirusPandemic.  This is the third pandemic to come out of China.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:25 pm about the latest on coronavirus and the future of the US-China relationship. Tune in!Thoughts, prayers, and well wishes go out to @BorisJohnson, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom as he battles coronavirus.  Boris has been a good friend for many years and I hope has a quick and complete recovery.@henrymcmaster Im confident that if all of us abide by this order it will greatly reduce the spread of the virus and save lives.  At this time, limiting travel, social distancing, and practicing good hygiene is our best way to fight back against the spread of the virusI totally support Governor @henrymcmaster's decision to issue a shelter-in-place order.  This is a logical extension of the previous preventative measures enacted by the Governor.@DeptVetAffairs This will increase ICU and bed capacity and will make available to our hardest hit communities the talented doctors, nurses, and medical professionals in our VA clinics.Great decision by Trump Administration to make @DeptVetAffairs hospitals available to states and cities hard-hit by coronavirus.Speaking with @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:00 pm on Fox News about the need to close Chinas Wet Markets As Dr. Fauci said, It boggles my mind how when we have so many diseases that emanate out of that unusual human-animal interface, that we don't just shut it down.Dr. Fauci, Lindsey Graham say China should close wet markets | The Sacramento BeeGreat job in getting the cruise ship docked and the passengers off.  I appreciate President Trumps leadership on this humanitarian crisis and Governor DeSantis for finding solutions.  Florida did the right thing.Starting today, small businesses can apply for forgivable loans under the #PaycheckProtectionProgram to keep employees working and businesses open.Couldnt agree more! Dr. Fauci is right on the money.Hope my Republican and Democratic Senate colleagues will sign onto my letter to the Chinese Ambassador to the U.S. urging the immediate closure of these wet markets for the safety of the world at large.Bringing wild and exotic animals to open markets to interact with humans and other food supplies is both crazy and dangerous.Just spoke with Dr. Fauci on a conference call about China's decision to reopen their wet markets.  He emphatically stated this was a crazy decision by China which puts the world's health at risk.There are 1,700 restaurants and bars in Myrtle Beach. I discussed what weve done to help South Carolina small businesses with @WBTWNews13 yesterday.We should restore 100% of their wages while at the same time not undercutting hiring and the efforts of small businesses to retain their employees. All hands on deck approach.We must get enhanced benefits out to millions of Americans who have been laid off due to coronavirus containment. Need Manhattan Project approach to modernizing state unemployment systems so checks can flow to help workers.New unemployment numbers present great challenges to the individuals who are out of work through no fault of their own and our state unemployment systems.Just finished a TeleTown Hall, sponsored by AARP South Carolina, with @WhipClyburn.  Took questions about the CARE ACT and how Social Security recipients and senior citizens will benefit from the passage of this important legislation. LISTEN:Completely support President @realDonaldTrump's warning Iran to not attack American forces in Iraq through their Shiite militia proxies.  If Iranians push attacks against US forces, the US should as President Trump noted - respond in kind.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade this morning at 11:30 am on Fox News Radio about the latest on coronavirus and the next steps forward.  LISTEN LIVE:Spoke with @WSPA7 yesterday about the SC Executive Order saying non-essential, close-contact businesses, venues and activities are suspended, projections about the spread of the virus in the state and testing for coronavirus. WATCH:Must be All In when it comes to saving lives.For next 30 days we should be All In on containment and mitigation. Could save tens of thousands of lives.   Time to consider a national shelter in place.   Time to consider limiting or banning domestic and international air travel for next 30 days.Just saw that tomorrow there are still direct flights from:  Detroit - New York New Orleans - New York New Orleans - Detroit Does this make sense in terms of aggressive containment?Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm on Fox News about the latest on coronavirus and more. Tune in!With so much happening, its easy to forget that the 2020 campaign is still going on. If youre able, would you consider giving a small donation to help me spread my common-sense conservative message?Peter is an outstanding choice and I am confident he will do everything in his power to keep South Carolina safe.  I look forward to his confirmation by the U.S. Senate.I am very pleased that Peter McCoy is now interim U.S. Attorney for South Carolina and I appreciate Attorney General Barr appointing him.2 Under the law passed, people will actually be receiving more in unemployment benefits than their actual wages. We need to get unemployment checks out the door, make people whole, and make it so hiring additional people is not impossible.The President has rightly said this is unacceptable and is willing to call Congress back to fix the problem. There are two major problems today: 1. It takes too long to get a check.Music to my ears to hear the President call out a broken unemployment compensation system. We are being told it could take over a month to start to get unemployment checks - administered by the states - flowing for the millions who have lost jobs through no fault of their own.We need to continue being aggressive on mitigation policies until we get more tests in real-time to make better decisions about what parts of the country to open up. Hopefully when it gets warmer that will slow the spread of the virus.Good call by President @realDonaldTrump to continue social distancing policies through the end of April.Speaking with @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:30 am on Fox News Channel. Tune in!All my love, prayers and support to Carolyn and the entire Coburn clan.  I look forward to celebrating Toms life in the days to come.Very, very sad to hear the passing of my dear friend Tom Coburn.  He was truly 'Mr. Smith goes to Washington.' Very glad his suffering is over and he is now with the Lord.  Tom was a great senator, a terrific husband and father, and a dear friend.Thinking of @JoeCunninghamSC and his entire family during these trying times. Thoughts and prayers for a quick recovery.  We are ALL in this together!Its official: Today, I filed paperwork to appear on the ballot as a Republican candidate for U.S. Senate! Will you stand with me? Click here:Press conference at 4:00 pm with Governor @henrymcmaster, @SenatorTimScott, and South Carolina state officials about the latest on #COVID19 via @SCETV. WATCH:We'll be getting started in just a few minutes! Join us atGraham Asks Governors to Help Fix Coronavirus Unemployment LoopholeWorking after the coronavirus: Congress gives workers more to stay at home than some employers pay.Join me this afternoon on my Facebook page for a live Town Hall!Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the status of the Senate economic stimulus bill.This proposal will make it hard for our employers to maintain their workforce, particularly in the area of healthcare, thus, significantly delaying the economic recovery and impairing our health and safety. Simple Fix: Cap unemployment benefits at full salary before the crisis.Only in Senator @BernieSanders world does it make sense to pay people more NOT to work than TO work.  I am all for making peoples salaries whole. However, I am not for increasing peoples salary through the unemployment insurance system.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes. LISTEN LIVE:2:00 PM Press Conference WATCH ONLINE:2:00 PM Press Conference in the Radio-TV gallery. Senators Tim Scott, Rick Scott, Ben Sasse, and others.I've been called by two good friends on the Democratic side wanting more money.  There is a TON of money in this bill for people who need it.  But what we are doing now is every special interest is trying to get a little bit more. End the negotiations.People are out of work, they need a paycheck. They need to have burdens taken off them. Doctors and nurses are under siege, they need medical supplies. There is no good reason left to deny the American people the relief they need. Enough already. Pass the damn bill!There is no good reason to deny the American people the help they need.  So many good things in this bill to help Americans.  Pass the damn bill. Enough already!Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on Fox News Channel. Tune in!Any decision needs to be based on healthcare data with the goal of ensuring we defeat the virus -- not promoting its spread.His statement, that younger workers and those who have built up antibodies are prime candidates to soon go back into the workforce, makes perfect sense to me.Listened to New York Governor Cuomos explanation of how to balance reopening the economy against public health concerns.  He rightfully said we can do both but it must be done smartly, always erring on the side of public health.Happy to hear @MeghanMcCain and Ben are expecting.  I know all of Meghan and Bens family and friends are over the top excited including me.  Best wishes!@realDonaldTrump The President and his team working with people of goodwill in both parties have done a good job and it is time to vote.  The President is ready to act.  It is imperative Congress give him something to act on TODAY.Just spoke with President @realdonaldTrump.  Hes right to insist that Congress working together send him a bill to help American workers, doctors and nurses, and all who are suffering from the #CoronavirusPandemic NOW.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes.  Democrats see the emergency stimulus bill as an opportunity to do things they could not do otherwise.  Republicans see this as an opportunity to do things that have to be done NOW to save lives.We must not let Russia benefit from the US fight against ISIS...protect the oil from ISIS and Iran, and work toward a future political settlement favorable to the Syrian people. Concern was expressed about Russian aggression along Turkey-Syria border and potential efforts by Russia to grab oil.Had a great phone call with General Mazloum, leader of the Syrian Democratic Forces in Syria today.  The fight against ISIS continues. It is in our national security interests to continue to partner with the SDF who helped destroy the Caliphate.....We will work with Democrats in a very generous fashion - to help Americans who have lost their jobs and doctors and nurses who have run out of supplies.  But shame on you shame on you - for taking good faith negotiations and throwing them in an ideological ditch!Democrats see the emergency stimulus bill as an opportunity to do things they could not do otherwise.  Republicans see this as an opportunity to do things that have to be done NOW to save lives.Senator McConnell is right.  Democratic special interest grab-bag politics needs to give way to much-needed assistance to Americans who are hurting.   Liberal special interest groups are denying the American people the relief they need and deserve. Enough is enough!There is no functioning economy unless we control the virus.Try running an economy with major hospitals overflowing, doctors and nurses forced to stop treating some because they cant help all, and every moment of gut-wrenching medical chaos being played out in our living rooms, on TV, on social media, and shown all around the world.When it comes to how to fight #CoronavirusPandemic, Im making my decisions based on healthcare professionals like Dr. Fauci and others, not political punditry.Thinking of Senators @RandPaul and @amyklobuchar during these times.  Thoughts and prayers for a quick recovery for them and their loved ones battling #coronavirus.  We are all in this together.I totally support the idea of remote voting so the Senate can continue to operate during this crisis. We should make this change before the Senate leaves town.The Trump Administration and @senatemajldr have been more than fair in dealing with Democrats on the stimulus package.  Its time for Democrats to help save our economy - not reshape it.  We are ALL in this together. Americans are suffering.President Trumps best decision was stopping travel from China early on.  I hope we will not undercut that decision by suggesting we back off aggressive containment policies within the United States.We are fighting a two-front war -- trying to destroy the virus while keeping the economy afloat.   As Dr. Fauci has consistently said, we should always err on the side of doing more - not less - when it comes to containment.Our failure to deliver is not an option for those who are suffering.It is time for ALL Members of Congress House and Senate to demonstrate that love of country still exists in Washington.  I hope that if we cant pass a big bill we will start passing smaller bills to help the American people who are at their wits end.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 9:30 AM.Its important that the Congress rise to the challenge to help millions of Americans suffering.  We must also keep our critical infrastructure in place until we turn the corner on coronavirus.  I know our international competitors certainly will.The Boeing 787, made in North Charleston, is a state-of-the-art wide body aircraft that is the main competitor to Europes Airbus.  Im confident France and other European nations will not allow Airbus to fail.  America must not let Boeing fail.Loans, not grants which will be paid back by the company should be available to American companies like Boeing so they can survive this global economic downturn.In addition, it is imperative we keep our critical defense and advanced manufacturing infrastructure stable during this health and economic crisis.In the Senate we are working on a package to offer economic assistance to millions of Americans who have been put out of work due to #CoronavirusPandemic.Great statement of encouragement by @FLOTUS. She is right there are difficult days ahead, but this will pass.I see a one-time, means-tested direct payment to adults and children as a Bridge to a system of sustainable income-replacement. My goal is to create income streams that deal with the massive layoffs due to our containment policies. A one-time Bridge payment will help.The number of Americans laid off and out of work due to aggressive containment policies is massive. These containment policies will pay dividends in defeating the virus but come at a heavy economic price.Look forward to working with Republican and Democratic colleagues to get Phase III income support bill passed this weekend.Attacking coronavirus STARVE IT: Social distancing, slow human transmission. BOMB IT: Better therapies, knock the lethality down. KILL IT: Vaccine to end it once and for all.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the latest on congressional response to coronavirus.I'm willing to pay 75 percent of people's income up to $80,000 to get us through. This ought to be enough money to get us through the next six to eight weeks.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on Fox News Radio. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @foxandfriends in just a few minutes.Were buying containment.  Shutting every bar and restaurant down in South Carolina is the cost of containment.  We either pay now as a country or we pay later.If youve been laid off today in South Carolina from a bar, restaurant, or hotel, Im looking to make sure we have wage replacement - that we replace your income as much as possible - so you dont have your life turned upside down.In the War Against Coronavirus, ALL of us are key players.  We are ALL soldiers in the fight!I'll be speaking with @TeamCavuto today at 4:00 pm on Fox News about the latest on #COVID19.My goal is to put Lead on Target to make sure Congress helps real people who are out of work.  We dont need a political Christmas tree.  We need to help workers who are suffering.I will be working with my colleagues to ensure that people who are laid off or out of work because of these containment policies have income well in excess of unemployment benefits.The federal government needs to be working with the states and private sector to protect the income of those who through no fault of their own are unable to work due to these coronavirus containment policies.Containing and limiting the spread of coronavirus is going to require a massive lockdown of our economy.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes on Fox News Channel.  Tune in!I want to thank our healthcare workers who are devoting countless hours to combating #coronavirus.  God bless them all for the risks they take and all the hard work they do to keep us safe and healthy.  They are all heroes!My primary goal is to lessen the loss of life.  Our economy can be rebuilt. The loss of life is permanent.  I appreciate the constant updates from President Trump and his team. I fully support taking aggressive containment measures.Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @foxnewsradio in just a few minutes. LISTEN LIVE:I look forward to getting back to work with my Senate colleagues and President Trump to contain this virus and stabilize our economy. Thank you very much for all the prayers and well wishes!I was just informed by Dr. Moynihan, the head of the House Physicians Office, that my coronavirus test was NEGATIVE. Im very grateful and like everyone else will follow the best practices to stay negative.Really appreciate the efforts of Dr. #Fauci. He has become a national treasure just like ALL of our healthcare workers throughout the U.S.  God bless them all for the risks they take and all the hard work they do to keep us safe and healthy.  You are all heroes!Truly appreciate the care package from @FLOTUS Melania Trump and President @realDonaldTrump. Cant wait to get back to work with the President and my Senate colleagues to contain coronavirus and stabilize the economy.  We will get through this together!Calling into to Fox News @seanhannity in just a few minutes to discuss todays national emergency declaration by President Trump.President Trumps decision to declare a national emergency over the #coronavirus pandemic is the right call.  It will free up much needed resources and allow for a more flexible and aggressive response.When it comes to Iranian backed militia groups killing Americans enough is enough.Glad to see U.S. forces strike back against Iranian-backed militias responsible for killing two Americans and one British soldier in Iraq. I hope the strikes create deterrence against future attacks.Statement from the Office of Senator Lindsey GrahamPresident @realDonaldTrump laid out a very good roadmap to achieve economic stability and contain the spread of #coronavirus. I hope Congress will work with him in a constructive fashion to achieve these goals.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes on Fox News Channel.Ill be speaking with Fox News Channel @seanhannity tonight following the Presidential Address to the Nation.Well done Mr. President and thank you General Keane for your indispensable service to our nation!Hes been indispensable in providing strategies to keep America safe from radical Islamic threats since 9/11.  The Presidents decision to honor General Keane with the Medal of Freedom is genuinely appreciated by General Keanes family, colleagues, and friends.Honored to attend the Medal of Freedom ceremony for General @gen_jackkeane, a great American patriot.  General Keane, a Silver Star recipient, has shaped the modern military as much as any individual I know.Any deal regarding the future of Afghanistan will have a strong American homeland security component.However, I am confident Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Esper have a clear-eyed view of the negotiations with the Taliban and are always focused on protecting the American homeland.I support President Trumps effort to honorably end the war in Afghanistan between the Taliban and the Afghan people.  Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Esper have done a good job in trying to achieve a win-win outcome.Secretary Pompeo is doing a great job working with the international community regarding the #WuhanVirus / (coronavirus) by ensuring our coordination with allies and effected nations throughout the world.The fall of Idlib would be a humanitarian crisis for the world and would directly affect our European allies for that reason NATO should be more supportive of Turkey.I fully support the Trump administrations efforts to get NATO more involved in Syria to help Turkey defend Idlib against Russian/Syrian aggression.I am working closely with Secretary Pompeo and his team to develop a foreign policy focused on teaching people to fish and becoming more self-reliant rather than being dependent on U.S. aid. Over time this change will result in better business partners for the American people.Secretary Pompeo is spearheading an effort to transform foreign assistance away from writing checks to corrupt governments to empowering entrepreneurship. This change will deliver better outcomes for individuals living in distressed regions and the American taxpayer.I had a great meeting today with @SecPompeo about a variety of pressing issues facing our nation.  I have complete confidence in Secretary Pompeo and think he is the right man at the right time to assist President Trump and represent our nation on the diplomatic front.Important information for South Carolina residents from @MUSChealth.Mark enjoys President Trump's confidence and I look forward to working with him on the many issues facing our nation between now and November.  Great choice!I have tremendous confidence @MarkMeadows will serve President Trump well as his new Chief of Staff.  Mark has shown the ability to navigate the many cross-currents in Congress and has strong relationships across the aisle.Mick is passionate about this issue and will do a greatjob for the Trump Administration with the Northern Ireland portfolio as it becomes more important due to Brexit.Congratulations to @MickMulvaneyOMB on his tenure as President Trump's Chief of Staff.  I know he is excited about his new position as Special Envoy to Northern Ireland.Great to have the @SEC Womens Basketball Tournament in #yeahthatGreenville.  Greenville is a terrific venue. Hope all the teams and fans have a great time and wonderful experience!  Also, good luck to @GamecockWBB -- bring home the Championship!Interesting read on U.A.Es success with peaceful nuclear power vs Irans nuclear ambitions.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:15 pm on Fox News Channel.  Tune in!The good news is the American homeland can be protected from ISIS and al Qaeda threats emanating from Afghanistan with a relatively small U.S. counterterrorism force.  If President Obama had left a residual U.S. counterterrorism force in Iraq, there would not have been an ISIS.The Taliban have questionable will and when it comes to capability are profoundly lacking in controlling al Qaeda and ISIS elements in Afghanistan.However, I will never support relying on the Taliban to police al Qaeda and ISIS who are dead-set on attacking American interests throughout the world.I support an effort to reconcile the Taliban with the Afghan government on terms favorable to the Constitution of Afghanistan and the rights of women and religious minorities.I appreciate our military responding to acts of violence by the Taliban, which are inconsistent with the peace agreement.What do the results of #SuperTuesday mean for @JoeBiden - with Bloomberg now dropping out?  - A second ballot victory at the Milwaukee convention for Biden delivered by Dem superdelegates.   What does this mean for President @realDonaldTrump?  - A second term!Today is #SuperTuesday and we hope #TeamGraham can count on you! If youre standing with Senator Lindsey Graham and @realDonaldTrump, will you pledge your support?I enjoyed meeting with the Boys & Girls Clubs of South Carolina and am honored to receive the 2020 Congressional Youth Innovation Award. They are one of the best organizations in America.Must keep all options on the table when it comes to ensuring that Afghanistan does not become a safe haven for terrorists. Must remember the Taliban set the conditions for 9/11.Always suspicious of the Taliban when it came to any peace agreement, but can't believe they're this stupid. Killing 5 Afghan police officers not only violates the spirit of the alleged peace deal, it violates the letter of the agreement.Russias Putin and Syrias Assad are behaving like war criminals. There is one thing I have learned from Syria: ignoring a problem always makes it worse.Very much appreciate what Turkey is doing to stand with the people of Idlib, Syria. It is time for the world, including the United States, to declare a no-fly zone over Idlib before the humanitarian crisis escalates.Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30 AM about the latest on Afghanistan and #2020Elections. Be sure to tune in!Congratulations to Joe and Jill Biden, and the entire Biden team, on the well deserved big win in the #SCDemocraticPrimary. Best of luck in the future. #Socialism goes down hard tonight in South Carolina.What a night! #KAG #MAGASpeaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 9:15 am about the great excitement and crowd at the @realDonaldTrump rally in North Charleston last night, #Afghanistan, and the #SCDemocraticPrimary. Tune in!The energy in North Charleston tonight was off the charts! South Carolina is fired up to deliver a big victory for @realDonaldTrump in November and keep the Palmetto State ruby red.I'm about to board Air Force One with President @realDonaldTrump where we'll be heading to his HUGE rally tonight.  While I am traveling to SC with President Trump, can I count on your support?Speaking with @marthamaccallum on Fox News in just a few minutes about #2020Elections, #coronavirus, #Israel, and more. Tune in!Today in my office, @CDCDirector Redfield and I had a constructive meeting regarding the need to immediately contain the #Coronavirus, treat those who may be impacted, and begin developing a long term plan for future outbreaks.Congratulations to Laura Dove on her service to the United States Senate as Secretary of the Senate. Laura is hard working and bright, and she will be greatly missed. Wishing her and her family well in this new chapter of her life. She has much to be proud of.Bernie Sanders would be a horrible Commander in Chief as he doesnt understand the threats we face and sees our military and intelligence community as fat to be cut to fund his drive to socialism.Prime Minister @netanyahu is the longest serving Prime Minister in the history of Israel and has made it his lifes work to protect the one and only Jewish state.  Israel is under siege by radical Islamic elements. To fight back is not racist it is strength and determination.Hard to believe that the leading candidate for the Democratic party has called the duly elected @IsraeliPM a racist.President @realDonaldTrump is coming to South Carolina. Let's show President Trump the hospitality South Carolina is known for! Will you sign his welcome card?Combination of a good debate performance   Endorsement from @WhipClyburn should secure a SC Democrat primary win for @JoeBiden.  Time will tell if he can derail the @BernieSanders train!The TWO BIGGEST winners of tonights #SCDEMDebate 1 @realDonaldTrump 2 Fidel Castro / Bernie SandersThus far this debate is best described as a low brow food fight with stumbling, bumbling, incoherent answers to the problems facing our nation and the world. Four more years for President @realDonaldTrump !To the voters of the First Congressional District of South Carolina: This debate represents the party of @JoeCunninghamSC. Don't be fooled in November.  Reality is hes one more vote for this wacky agenda. #SC01Joe Bidens answer on North Korea was nonsensical.Wow.  This #SCDemDebate has just thrown Israel under the bus.  Very sad.  Very dangerous.Drunks in a bar arguing among themselves are less annoying, more courteous and entertaining, and make more sense than the candidates in the #SCDemDebate.Every minute that goes by @BernieSanders gets stronger.  If you believe Bernie is bad for Democratic hopes and dreams in 2020 this is a pathetic effort to take him down.  Biggest winner so far in #SCDemDebate President @realDonaldTrump!  #Trump2020Now speaking in the U.S. Senate on legislation I introduced, the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. #theyfeelpain #ProLife WATCH ONLINE:There are only seven countries that allow wholesale abortions at the 20-week period, including China and North Korea.  The United States should NOT be in that club.The legislation would provide protections for unborn children at 20 weeks after fertilization, a point at which there is significant scientific evidence that abortion inflicts tremendous pain on the unborn.The U.S. Senate will today vote (3:30 pm) on life-saving legislation I introduced the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.  #theyfeelpain #ProLifeSpeaking on the Senate floor about my legislation -- the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act -- in just a few minutes. #theyfeelpain #ProLife WATCH ONLINE:Speaking with @seanhannity tonight about #2020Election and the latest on @senjudiciary FISA investigation.  Tune in to Fox News!Speaking with Greenville's @Josh_Kimbrell at 5:00 pm on Christian Talk Radio about the #2020election and the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. LISTEN LIVE:Great visit to @PWCProLife to talk about tomorrow's vote on Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. There are only 7 countries that allow wholesale abortions at the 20-week period, including China and North Korea.  The United States should NOT be in that club.  #ProLifeJoining @MariaBartiromo this morning on Fox News to discuss the latest on #2020election and more. Tune in!Were proud to welcome @realDonaldTrump to SC for a Keep America Great rally next Friday. After three years of tremendous economic growth, a strengthened military, and nearly 200 new judges, we arent tired of winning yet!  FREE tickets here:This presidential power is available to all presidents in all cases brought before our justice system. This is the way our legal system is intended to work and provides a brilliant and intricate system of checks and balances we should all honor.Under our system of justice President Trump has all the legal authority in the world to review this case, in terms of commuting the sentence or pardoning Mr. Stone for the underlying offense.It is important to give both the government and the accused a fair trial free from influence.  I believe this has been accomplished in Mr. Stones case.  Like all Americans, Mr. Stone can appeal the fairness of his trial and the verdict rendered.The sentence rendered in the Roger Stone case by Judge Jackson is on the lower end of the recommended sentencing guidelines for offenses of this nature.This was a hard fought contest and to Abdullah Abdullah and all who used the democratic process to make their voices heard - job well done.  When it comes to embracing democracy and humans rights in Afghanistan, there is no going back.Congratulations to President Ghani for winning the election and the Afghan people for bravely embracing the democratic process.Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm about @senjudiciary investigation of Crossfire Hurricane, FISA abuse, and the latest on Attorney General Bill Barr. Tune in!Created back in 1885 to celebrate the birthday President George Washington, #PresidentsDay has evolved over the years to celebrate all United States presidents! To celebrate today, Team Graham wants to know: who is your favorite president?Now participating in a panel discussion at the Munich Security Conference. #MSC2020 WATCH ONLINE:Like all South Carolinians, I was heartbroken to hear the news about the death of Faye Swetlik.  I pray for the family of this beautiful young girl as they deal with this horrific tragedy.@TheJusticeDept He is the right man at the right time to reform the Department and stand up for the Rule of Law.  Attorney General Barr has my complete confidence.President Trump, in selecting Bill Barr to be Attorney General, has done a great service to the people serving in @TheJusticeDept and our nation as a whole.ICYMI  Spoke yesterday about my opposition to the War Powers resolution, concerns about the Iran nuclear deal, and the airstrike which killed Qassem Soleimani.  WATCH:Every American is entitled to political views, but no American should ever face a jury with seething political bias in a case that involves politics.  Simply not fair.If media reports are accurate -- about juror bias in the Roger Stone case -- I hope the Court will take such allegations seriously.Terrorist groups in Afghanistan -- ISIS-K and al-Qaeda -- have been marginalized but still have their sights set on attacking the U.S. homeland and our allies.  Its not a question of their intent, only a question of their capability.I hope and believe the Trump Administration has learned much from Obamas Iraq debacle where he withdrew all U.S. military forces against sound military advice.However, I completely agree with @gen_jackkeane and others that civil war will break out in Afghanistan and international terrorism will surge if America announces a complete withdrawal that is not conditions-based.If the Trump Administration decides to reduce U.S. forces to around 8,600 in Afghanistan, I would totally support such a decision as conditions on the ground justify a reduction.Will be speaking on the Senate floor today at 1:30 pm about the War Powers resolution. WATCH:Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 on Fox News about the latest results from New Hampshire and the @senjudiciary investigation on FISA abuse. Tune in! #HannityI'm in NH to help President @realDonaldTrump and VP @Mike_Pence #GOTV in the First in the Nation presidential primary. While I'm here, will you chip in $5 or more? #NHprimary2020 #FITN #KAGI'll be joining the @HowieCarrShow show at 3:33pm EST. Be sure to tune in on your way to vote for @RealDonaldTrump! Listen here: #FITN #KAGCant come to Manchester, NH and not stop at the @RedArrow24Diner while rallying voters for @realDonaldTrump! No place like it! #FITN #KAGGetting out the vote for @realDonaldTrump and @Mike_Pence in Bedford, NH this morning. Lots of #KAG energy!Im proud to be in NH today campaigning for @realDonaldTrump and @Mike_Pence in the @GOP #FITN primary. Ill be joining @Kilmeade on Fox News Radio now and will be on @AmericaNewsroom at 10 am. Tune in!Speaking with @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 pm on Fox News. Tune in!Great news. South Carolina just set ANOTHER RECORD for exports! Just imagine what we can do when we level the playing field throughout the world.  I support President Trumps efforts to make that happen!Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @foxnewsradio now. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @foxnewsradio at 11:06 am this morning. LISTEN LIVE:Well done Mayor Pete.  Bernie wins New Hampshire.  Biden wins South Carolina.  Democratic Party is coming unraveled and suffering a severe identity crisis.  Republican Party supporting President Trump at Reagan levels.  I like our chances in 2020!Apparently they notify the winner of the Iowa Caucus by Christmas card.Speaking with @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:15 pm on Fox News. Tune in!Unfortunately, I doubt my Democratic colleagues, who are being driven by unlimited hatred of President Trump, have the ability to move on. The President was acquitted today by the Senate and will be exonerated by the American people in November when he is reelected to a 2nd termThis partisan-driven impeachment has done injury to the office of the presidency and was an injustice to President Trump.  As I said after the Clinton impeachment trial, the Senate has spoken and the cloud over the presidency has been removed. I meant it then and mean it now.ICYMI  My speech on the Senate floor about the impeachment of President Trump.  I will vote against both articles of impeachment.Speaking on the Senate floor in just a few minutes about impeachment. WATCH:@realDonaldTrump The strong support of Guaid by President Trump assures the eventual demise of Maduro which would be a great blow for freedom and the Venezuelan people.Pleased President @realDonaldTrump is standing with Juan Guaid - the legitimate leader of Venezuela - and rejecting the fraud of Nicols Maduro.  President Trump is committed to fighting socialism in our own country and throughout the hemisphere.Appreciate Turkey pushing back against Assad & Russia when it comes stopping the slaughter in Idlib.  Strongly urge President Trump to rally the international community against Assad & Russias attacks and let them know all options are on the table.They presented to me an interesting idea: we should start a national effort to put Wi-Fi on school buses so kids could have access to learning while traveling to and from school.   We will look closer into this cause. It may be money well spent in the 21st century.I met yesterday with members of the South Carolina School Boards Association about educational needs in South Carolina and throughout the country.Will speak on the Senate floor today at 3:20 pm (estimate) about the articles of impeachment against President @realDonaldTrump.  WATCH:To @SpeakerPelosi:   You can tear up the speech, but you cant tear up the accomplishments.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News in just a few minutes about #SOTU2020.Tearing the speech up is not going to tear up the accomplishments of this President.  #SOTU2020Many of you have asked who is my guest for tonights #SOTU2020. I am honored to be hosting Carol Tobias, President of @NRLC.  Carol is a good friend and leader in the #prolife community. I appreciate all she has done to help promote a culture of life.Biggest winner of Iowa caucuses so far? Maybe Bloomberg.Cant blame @AOC for boycotting the State of the Union....... Must be painful for a committed socialist to hear the RECORD accomplishments regarding economic growth and prosperity we have achieved under President @realDonaldTrump!As usual @SenatorCollins nails it in explaining her decision to acquit the President on both Articles of Impeachment. If you are looking for a reasoned response, in a hot bed of emotion, watch Senator Collins.@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer @AOC @SpeakerPelosi @RashidaTlaib Now it seems @AOC is in charge of the Senate.  Very sad.I completely agree with President @realDonaldTrump's observation @SenSchumer is under tremendous pressure from @AOC.  As I said on Sunday:  @SpeakerPelosi is Speaker of the House In Name Only because @AOC, @RashidaTlaib and The Squad are driving the agenda in the House.So sorry to hear about the passing of Joe Edens.  He was one of South Carolina's most influential and beloved business leaders. He was also a friend who will be missed greatly.Wishing a very happy birthday to Frances Scott - a great mother and a great American. I hope you enjoy your day with family and friends!What are the odds that:  most anticipated poll of the year (@DMRegister) is cancelled.  voting system completely crashes. ....and it has nothing to do with a Bernie blowout and a Biden crash?Who designed the app? Former Clinton campaign staffers.  Wheres COMEY when we need him? #IowaCaucusHow do @SpeakerPelosi, @RepJerryNadler and @RepAdamSchiff now turn the #IowaDemocrats fiasco into President @realdonaldTrumpss fault?  Stay tuned.!Like so many who believe in the conservative cause, wishing #RushLimbaugh all the best in his fight against cancer.  #BeatCancer #PrayersForRushTune in this morning to Fox News. Ill be speaking with @MariaBartiromo in just a few minutes.Speaking with Fox News @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the latest on #ImpeachmentTrial. Tune in!Speaking with Fox News @seanhannity tonight at 9:20pm about the latest on #ImpeachmentTrial. Tune in!This has been a partisan impeachment from Day 1 terrible on process and dangerous on substance.  It rings hollow for Adam Schiff to talk about wanting a fair process.  Finally, the sooner this trial is over, the better for the American people.The fact is the House chose not to call witnesses like John Bolton because they wanted to impeach President Trump before the election.  It has nothing to do with finding the truth.Their testimony would not change the fact that this is a non-impeachable offense and not the kind of event the Founding Fathers had in mind when it comes to removing a president and preventing them from running for reelection.Im very pleased the Senate has rejected Democrats request to call additional witnesses after the House chose not to.  As I have stated, this is not an impeachable offense and the witnesses sought by the House managers were available to them in the House.Very sorry to hear this news.  While we have our disagreements, we all stand together and in support of one another in the fight against this terrible disease.  I will keep Congressman @JerryNadler, his wife, and the Nadler family in my prayers.To those who believe that all was perfect, Senator Alexander made reasoned observations and conclusions based on the evidence before him. He called it as he saw it to be.  Well done Lamar!Long story short, @SenatorAlexander most likely expressed the sentiments of the country as a whole as well as any single Senator possibly could.  Those who hate Trump and wish to take the voters choice away in an unfounded manner, Sen. Alexander rightly rejected their arguments.In most of America its called: #YourOwnFault.FACT:  It was the House of Representatives who refused to pursue the testimony of the witnesses because they wanted to impeach the President before Christmas.  Only in Washington would someone call that decision Blocking Witnesses.Of all the insane things being said about this impeachment debacle - and there is a lot to choose from - one of the most ridiculous is to say Senate Republicans are Blocking Witnesses.  This is an outrageous claim.The best way to sum up this whole debacle is to understand that Senator Schumers desire for Lev Parnas to attend the Senate trial apparently cannot be accommodated because Mr. Parnas has an electronic ankle bracelet imposed upon him by the court. You cant make this up.However, I am concerned when John Boltons credibility is attacked, it makes it more likely some will feel the need to call him as a witness.  In that event, it would be important for the President and his team to call witnesses on other issues.The House managers claim that the sole reason President Trump temporarily paused the aid was purely personal and political, not public, does not withstand scrutiny.This combination, in my view, undercut Americas message on reforming corruption in Ukraine. There is a mountain of evidence to suggest the Bidens behavior was harmful to the United States.It is clear to me that there is ample evidence for the President to be concerned about conflicts of interest on behalf of Hunter Biden and that Vice President Joe Bidens failure to take appropriate action was unacceptable.For the sake of argument, one could assume everything attributable to John Bolton is accurate and still the House case would fall well below the standards to remove a president from office.It is my opinion, based on the law and facts, that additional testimony is unnecessary in this case.Tremendous accomplishment by the Trump Administration working in a bipartisan manner to pass the USMCA. This new trade deal will help keep jobs in America, modernizes NAFTA, and will make North America one of the greatest places in the world to do business. Well done!Im increasingly optimistic this ends Friday. ...The defense team destroyed the House case. Check out my conversation with @marthamaccallum tonight about the latest on impeachment, including the call for witnesses.Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on Fox News Channel. Tune in!Finally, I appreciate the hard work by Jared Kushner and his team on this important, landmark effort to bring peace to the Israeli and the Palestinian people and, above all else, President Trumps personal involvement and desire to see a breakthrough for Middle East peace.This marks the best proposal I have seen, as it balances Israeli security with Palestinian prosperity and sovereignty.  To our Palestinian friends: do not let this historic moment pass.The proposal provides Israel with necessary security guarantees and provides the Palestinian people political sovereignty and an independent Palestinian state.  I hope the Palestinians see this as a serious offer and come to the table.The Trump Administration has united the major political factions in Israel behind a two-state solution that guarantees security for Israel and will lead to a 1,000 percent increase in the quality of life for the Palestinian people.Today marks a major and stunning breakthrough for the long-awaited hope of peace between Israel and the Palestinian people.When it comes to Senator Schumer and most of his Democratic colleagues, there is not much they wont do to take back the Senate.After Kavanaugh it was clear there was virtually nothing they wouldnt do for political power.  Not 1 Democrat has come forward to suggest the outrageous conduct of Hunter Biden in Ukraine or the failure of VP Biden to take appropriate action - needs to be investigated.It is clear to me that most Democrats are very comfortable with an America where only Republicans get investigated.  Not one Republican believes that @SenSchumer and @ChrisMurphyCT are remotely interested in fairness.This decision has the potential to jeopardize US-UK intelligence sharing agreements and could greatly complicate a US-UK free trade agreement.  I hope the British government will reconsider its decision.I am very concerned about the British governments decision to provide Huawei, the Chinese-owned telecom company, access to critical British infrastructure.I totally support @SenatorLankford's  proposal that the Bolton manuscript be made available to the Senate, if possible, in a classified setting where each Senator has the opportunity to review the manuscript and make their own determination.If one can find a scintilla of evidence about Biden corruption in Ukraine, the House case falls apart.  Today we have heard a tsunami.Compelling, damning presentations that the Bidens have not been investigated and the allegations against them have not been debunked.  They most definitely should not be swept under the rug.It would have been wrong for President Trump to have NOT been worried about the Bidens' business dealings in Ukraine after the information we heard this afternoon from the President's defense team.If there is a desire and decision by the Senate to call Democratic witnesses, then at a minimum the Senate should allow President @realDonaldTrump to call all relevant witnesses he has requested.Very sad to hear about the tragic death of Mr. Bryant from a helicopter crash. He was one of the best players in the history of the game, and I send my condolences to his family.Tune in this morning at 10:00 am to Fox News Channel.With a few exceptions, the House managers presented their case in a professional, articulate manner respectful of the body.  They were prepared and very, very, very thorough.  The other side of the story will be presented tomorrow and then we decide.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel tonight at 9:20 pm about the latest on impeachment.  Tune in!If you believe trying to remove the President of the United States from office and disqualifying him from being on the ballot in 48 days is fair, I respectfully disagree.Big picture on the fairness of the House impeachment of President @realDonaldTrump: they took 48 days from authorizing impeachment to passing the articles of impeachment. I daresay that a contested parking ticket would take longer.Every life is a gift from God that must be protected. Many thanks to #TeamGraham intern, Mackenzie, for putting this video together! #WhyWeMarch@VP When this trial is over, I expect oversight regarding the effect of Hunter Bidens activities in Ukraine and what Vice President Biden knew and when he knew it.@VP Every media outlet in the country would demand an accounting & Democrats would howl for an investigation.   Clear to me the House managers are misleading the Senate - and country - when they say that the Bidens conflict of interest in Ukraine is baseless and been debunked...... - I dare say Mr. Schiff would be your worst nightmare.   If @VP Pence and his son were in this spot, Im confident Mr. Schiff and our Democratic colleagues would be demanding someone look into this matter, not simply sweep it under the rug.Manager Schiff has suggested we put ourselves in the Bidens shoes.  I would assume that if we did what the Bidens did allowing Hunter Biden to turn Ukraine into an ATM machine receiving an estimated $3 million from one of the most corrupt companies in a corrupt country......The best way to end this matter is through an election with President Trump on the ballot and the American people passing judgement on his actions.That slice of the American pie that sees President Trumps actions on par with 9/11 and Pearl Harbor are out of touch with their fellow citizens, but unfortunately are driving the House impeachment train.  Very sad.With all due respect, I believe most Americans do not see President Trumps actions in the same light as Pearl Harbor or 9/11.He suggested President Trumps decision to freeze future assistance to Ukraine has put the country in a tough spot on par with the Civil War, Great Depression, Pearl Harbor, and 9/11 but, like then, we will get through it, if we remove President Trump from office.Stunning analogies and statements from House Manager Jeffries, a fine man and articulate speaker.Press conference with Senators @SenJohnBarrasso, @SenMikeLee, @SenatorBraun starting in just a few minutes. WATCH:@SenJohnBarrasso @SenMikeLee @SenatorBraun LIVESTREAM:UPDATE  Press conference on impeachment this morning at 11:35 AM with Senators @SenJohnBarrasso, @SenMikeLee, @SenatorBraun.  Senate TV Gallery.Shes right, because House Democrats refused to allow House Republicans to call Hunter Biden or anyone else associated with Burisma!  Will the storyline by House managers about the Bidens and Burisma withstand scrutiny?  Stay tuned.Wow.  House Manager Garcia earlier today suggested to the Senate there are no witnesses to suggest there was anything wrong with Hunter Bidens involvement with Burisma -- one of the most corrupt companies in Ukraine!In Case You Missed It  Spoke with reporters just a few minutes ago about the Senate Impeachment Trial. WATCH via @cspan:Thank you, #TeamGraham! I'm incredibly grateful.What group or entity has concluded Hunter Biden did not use political influence to impede or influence the investigation?Manager Schiff again stated that allegations Hunter Biden used his influence to impede the investigation of Burisma -- the Ukrainian gas company where he served on the board -- have been debunked by U.S. and Ukrainian officials.Great to meet with @SCAttyGenOffice Alan Wilson today and discuss impeachment. AG's in 21 states have come forward with a blistering rebuke of impeachment, asserting that it "establishes a dangerous historical precedent."Will be discussing the impeachment trial in just a few minutes with Senators Mike Braun and Steve Daines. WATCH:I am proud to have received an A rating on the @SBAList National Pro-life Scorecard. America is at her best when shes standing up for the least among us, and I will continue to fight to protect the lives of the unborn.Played no role in having the Ukrainian prosecutor fired who was investigating Burismas president for corruption beginning in 2016.  How does he know this? How does he justify these statements?Manager Schiff says Hunter Biden:  Did nothing wrong while serving on Burismas board where he was receiving approximately $50,000 a month beginning in 2014; andIf there was ever a need for an independent judiciary, it was in the House impeachment process.   Unfortunately that was denied to President @realDonaldTrump because they wanted to impeach him before the election.  Im confident the Senate will not go down that road.What Ive learned today:  It is bad for the country to have impeachment driven by partisan politicians who want a political outcome  the process be damned!  Its unconscionable that the House would ask the Senate to treat the courts as an impediment to impeachment.Unbelievably, they are asking the Senate to take the same position. Very honest statement by Congresswoman Demings. However, very dangerous principle for the presidency.Stunning admission by the House Managers. The House Managers on the floor admitted that going to federal court would get in the way of impeaching the President before the election. And in that case the Court be damned!Quite frankly, having Adam Schiff lecture the Senate about fairness and due process is like listening to an arsonist talk about fire prevention.The Kupperman case is devastating.  I dont buy Manager Schiffs argument that when it comes to impeachment, the courts are an impediment and only serve to get in the way.In these difficult and divisive times, it would serve us all well to remember the teachings of Dr. King, who pushed for social justice by always appealing to our better nature. His words and teachings still ring as true today as the day he said them. #MLKDay2020Speaking with Chris Wallace on @FoxNewsSunday this morning about the latest on impeachment. Check your local listings. #FNS #FoxNews #ImpeachmentTrialSpeaking with @seanhannity Radio in just a few minutes.  LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with @seanhannity Radio today at 4:00 pm about the latest on impeachment. LISTEN LIVE:Speaking with Fox News @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:00 pm about the latest on impeachment. Tune in!Most Americans jealously guard the right to pick their own leaders.  And I think they are going to hold it against those politicians who tried to take that right away.I tell my colleagues on the Republican side: Chuck Schumer is not seeking the truth.  If you think that Chuck Schumer is trying to find out what happened here you're missing a lot.  Chuck Schumer is trying to take back the Senate.Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel at 9:15 pm tonight about the latest on impeachment.  Tune in!@MarthaMcSally @SenatorLankford @marcorubio @joniernst @tedcruz @MittRomney I hope every Senator will join this effort and let the world know where we stand regarding the Iranian peoples desire to be free from the murderous regime of the Ayatollah.Joined today with Senators @MarthaMcSally, @SenatorLankford @marcorubio, @joniernst, @tedcruz and @MittRomney to introduce a Senate resolution making clear the United States Senate stands with the Iranian people who are demanding their freedom at the risk of life and limb.This is a long overdue action by the House to finally begin the process of transmitting the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate.   I can say with a high degree of confidence this is the beginning of the end of this impeachment debacle.If you are a protestor in the streets of Iran demanding your freedom, standing against the Ayatollah, and demanding a better life -- the Democratic debate was a gut punch.All candidates promised to adhere to the original and terribly flawed Obama nuclear deal with Iran.  If you are the Ayatollah and his henchmen, you have to be inspired by what you heard last night at the Democratic presidential debate.When it comes to foreign policy, the big winner in the #DemDebate was Iran.   Not one candidate applauded the death of Soleimani, the Quds Force Commander.  All the candidates rejected the Maximum Pressure campaign of President @realDonaldTrump.Great news! BMW knows South Carolina is a great place to do business.Congratulations! The #GeauxTigers are a deserving @CFBPlayoff National Champion. Another incredible year for @ClemsonFB. I know they will be back next year. The 2020 Clemson team is once again loaded with talent. #ALLINInstead of supporting the Iranian peoples demands for freedom, Speaker Pelosi and The Squad made the protest about American policy and @realDonaldTrump.  Bad and shameful.Pathetic response by @SpeakerPelosi and members of The Squad regarding their lack of support for the Iranian people who are demanding their freedom.We should all stand with the Iranian people as they demand their freedom.To my Democratic colleagues and Libertarians who advocate for individual liberty: where are your voices when it comes to supporting the Iranian people and their desire to be free? Your silence is deafening and disappointing.Great to see President @realDonaldTrump standing behind the Iranian people as they stand up to the Ayatollah and his corrupt regime.Speaking with @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 pm on Fox News.  Tune in!Could not agree more with @SecPompeo. The Iranian people deserve better.  The American people stand with the Iranian people for their freedom.In this instance, Democrats unending efforts to trash President Trump are instead trashing the professional assessment of the CIA Director and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs.  It's beyond disgusting.With all due respect, a third grader just watching the news could figure out our people were in grave danger in Iraq. A politician living in the safety of Washington has a much different definition of imminent threat than those Americans stationed in Iraq.Do you believe the Chairman and CIA Director are incompetent?  Lying? Im beyond disgusted by the suggestion the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and CIA Director got it wrong when it comes to the actions of General Soleimani.To those Members of Congress who question the assessment the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and CIA Director who forcefully made the case there was an imminent threat to U.S. personnel in Iraq and throughout the region coming from Quds Force commander Soleimani:@realDonaldTrump When it comes to Iran, the Maximum Pressure campaign is working and the simple solution is for Iran to change its behavior.President @realDonaldTrump is right to insist that Iran stop being the largest state sponsor of terrorism and to hold them accountable for their hostilities against U.S. interests and our allies.Totally support new round of sanctions announced by the Trump Administration against Iran.To the Iranians: Please understand this will not stop President Trump in any fashion from doing what he said he would do if you continue to engage in hostilities against the U.S. or our allies.  You move forward at your own peril.To the House Dems and GOPers who voted for this resolution: You have done nothing to legally restrict President Trumps power as Commander in Chief. Unfortunately however, you have increased the likelihood of conflict.At the end of the day, this House vote is meaningless when it comes to President @realDonaldTrump s ability to protect the nation and only serves as an inducement for Iran and other radical Islamic elements to become more provocative.The War Powers Resolution is an infringement on the presidents constitutional powers as Commander in Chief.The resolution I introduced today is a simple statement by the Senate. It's our job as Senators to dispose of the Articles of Impeachment that were lawfully passed.  @SpeakerPelosis attempt to shape or delay the trial is unprecedented.  READ MORE:@SpeakerPelosi @BernieSanders @AOC @RandPaul @IlhanMN @ewarren Most military engagements in our history have been conducted without a formal declaration of war.  We CANNOT have 535 Commanders in Chief.@SpeakerPelosi @BernieSanders @AOC @RandPaul @IlhanMN @ewarren I have said for decades that I believe the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional.  If you dont like what the Commander in Chief is doing -- cut off funding.Can you imagine trying to defend the nation while herding @SpeakerPelosi, @BernieSanders, @AOC, @RandPaul, @IlhanMN, @ewarren, et al to a consensus that we need to act militarily against impending aggression?However, when it comes to commanding the military and directing our forces, we have a single Commander in Chief -- not 535 of them.  The War Powers Resolution seeks to destroy this balance.Thank goodness that our Constitution does not make Congress the Commander in Chief.  The balance of power in the Constitution regarding military power and war is quite brilliant.  No single individual including the president can put the nation in a legal state of war.Speaking with @seanhannity Radio right now about the latest on Iran. LISTEN LIVE:@realDonaldTrump All Americans should support President Trumps efforts to resolve the threat from Iran peacefully and fully understand the Maximum Pressure campaign must continue with a credible military component.@realDonaldTrump To the American people and Congress: What President Trump is seeking from Iran is to end 40 years of tyranny, to stop them from being a state sponsor of terrorism, and to abandon their nuclear weapons program once and for all.@realDonaldTrump To the world: President Trump correctly identified the 40 year history of Iranian hostility and destabilization of the region. I hope you will help President Trump change the regimes behavior so we can avoid a war.A homerun speech by President @realDonaldTrump about the challenges we face with Iran. It was measured and firm.  To the Iranian people: President Trump laid out a pathway forward for peace and prosperity. I hope you take it.All Americans should support President Trumps efforts to resolve the threat from Iran peacefully and fully understand the Maximum Pressure campaign must continue with a credible military component.To the American people and Congress: What President Trump is seeking from Iran is to end 40 years of tyranny, to stop them from being a state sponsor of terrorism, and to abandon their nuclear weapons program once and for all.To the world: President Trump correctly identified the 40 year history of Iranian hostility and destabilization of the region. I hope you will help President Trump change the regimes behavior so we can avoid a war.The Maximum Pressure campaign with a credible military component is not only working, its the best way to achieve our strategic goals.Our objectives:  Iran must stop being the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world.  Stop ballistic missile buildup which jeopardizes regional stability.  Negotiate a nuclear deal which provides nuclear power to Iran while dismantling a pathway to a bomb.In my view, retaliation for the sake of retaliation is not necessary at this time.  What is necessary is to lay out our strategic objectives regarding Iran in a simple and firm fashion.It was an act of war by theregime that for the last 40 yearshas been a cancer in theMideast.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes about the latest on Iran.UPDATED: Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:05 pm about the latest on Iran. Tune in!Proud of @MeghanMcCain. She understands the media game.  If working to help Democratic causes, you are a good Republican.  If fighting for Republican causes, you are the enemy of the people.  Just keep being yourself. You make us all proud MeghanFortunately for the United States, President @realDonaldTrump has charted a different path than that of President Obama.  The Iranians only understand strength and contrary to what Senator Paul says, now is not the time to get back on the Obama path.They are intent on continuing to be the largest state sponsor of terrorism by dismembering the Middle East, destroying the state of Israel, and acquiring a nuclear weapon.  Any senator or president who fails to understand this makes a grave mistake.The moderate Iranian voices are being shot down in the street for demanding freedom.  There is only one voice when it comes to Iranian foreign policy it is that of the Ayatollah and his henchmen.Senator @RandPaul - like the Obama Administration - is under the illusion there are multiple voices making decisions for the Iranian theocracy from moderate to hardliner.  I would encourage my Senate colleagues to not fall for this Iranian mythology.Now she is sitting on the Articles and trying to run the Senate denying President Trump his day in court.  President Trump and America deserve better!When it comes to @SpeakerPelosis political stunts regarding the Articles of Impeachment Enough Already!  Speaker Pelosi argued to the American people it was imperative that impeachment move forward ASAP because @realDonaldTrump was a threat to the country.A very good read in @WSJopinion from my friend @JoeLieberman.I will oppose any War Powers resolution pushed by @SpeakerPelosi so as to allow this President to have the latitude he needs as Commander in Chief.  The last thing America needs is 535 Commanders in Chief. Americans elected one: @realdonaldtrump.Dismembering Syria and Yemen. Killing their own citizens who are demanding freedom  President Trump is right to demand this regime change its behavior.  The Democratic Partys pathetic response to the killing of Soleimani only emboldens our enemies.To my Democratic colleagues: 40 years of Iranian aggression needs to be dealt with forcefully.  Iran is:  The largest state sponsor of terrorism. Threatening the existence of Israel by arming Hezbollah to the teeth. Providing arms to kill Americans in Iraq.@tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ill be interested to see if the hatred of President Trump prevents Democrats from recognizing this major accomplishment by the Trump Administration.I very much support Senator @tedcruz's resolution in support of President @realDonaldTrump's decision to take out Iranian General Soleimani.My response to Colin Kaepernick about American terrorist attacks. Watch, Like, and Retweet if you agree!President @realDonaldTrumps National security team @VP Pence, @SecPompeo, @EsperDoD, and national security advisor OBrien are doing a great job helping President Trump navigate Iranian provocations.  Stay steady. Stay strong!Speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes about Iran, impeachment, and more.Speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News @SundayFutures this morning at 10:00 am about the latest on Iran, impeachment, and more. Tune in!President @realDonaldTrump as Commander in Chief has the authority and obligation to protect American forces in harms way.  He did the right thing.Soleimani was one of the leaders of Iran, the largest state sponsor of terrorism. He was actively involved in planning attacks against American military and diplomatic personnel. He has American blood on his hands.To those Republicans and Democrats who call the death of Soleimani an assassination thats nuts.Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel at 9:25 pm about the latest on Iran. Tune in!Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes.  Listen Live:Speaking with @seanhannity Radio at 4:05 pm today about the latest on Iran.  Tune in!President @realDonaldTrump took decisive, preemptive action to foil a plot directed at American personnel. As to what happens next: It should be clear to Iran that President Trump will not sit idly by if our people and interests are threatened.When it comes to the death of General Soleimani, there is no one to blame but himself. He effectively signed his own death warrant by planning massive attacks against U.S. personnel in Iraq and throughout the Middle East.We killed the most powerful man in Tehran short of the Ayatollah.  This was not an act of revenge for what he had done in the past.  This was a preemptive, defensive strike planned to take out the organizer of attacks yet to come.Speaking with @foxandfriends in just a few minutes. Tune in!Speaking with @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 AM about the US airstrike against Iranian general Qassem Soleimani.