The American people want the facts, the truth, and a plan for attacking our nations energy issue.The southern border needs a wall.A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another: just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another. John 13:34Chuck and I are saddened by his passing and join Americans in praying for the entire Hatch family.Senator Orrin Hatch was an exceptional statesman and true freedom fighter. I enjoyed working with him on intellectual property issues to protect our creative communities like the Music Modernization Act, which would not have been possible without his leadership.Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same. President Ronald ReaganDuring my visit to @FortCampbell last week, we discussed the importance of employment resources for servicemembers and their spouses. This will be a wonderful opportunity for our military families who are planning their next chapters in life.We must fight every single day to safeguard our freedoms.It is incumbent on each of us to call out and condemn anti-Semitism wherever we find it. Senator Frank Niceleys anti-Semitic comments are repulsive and are not representative of Tennessee conservative values.What an inspiring story. Thank you to these state troopers and all of our emergency officials who work so diligently to help Tennesseans in need. We continue to pray for Sevier County residents who are rebuilding after much devastation.My beautiful mother, Mary Jo Morgan Wedgeworth, 97, was a lifelong resident of Laurel, a woman of God, and avid gardener. She was a role model and taught me the importance of leaving things in better shape than you found them.He is Risen. Wishing you a blessed Easter Sunday!But the angel said to the women, Do not be afraid, for I know that you seek Jesus who was crucified. He is not here, for he has risen, as he said. Come, see the place where he lay. Matthew 28:5-6Getting ready to dye some Easter eggs? The price of your normal dozen is up 11.2% since last year.Happy Passover to our Jewish friends who are celebrating their freedom.But God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8The Democratic Party has pushed a big government agenda that is failing hardworking taxpayers.Xi Jinping is incapable of admitting defeat while seeking a third term. He has doubled down on his zero-COVID policy while locking down over 25 million citizens in Shanghai, leaving them without access to food and essentials.Big tech, the mainstream media, and the radical left are scared of free speech.Always enjoy a visit to Cheatham County! I spoke with local officials about how they maintain workforce and community development throughout their rapid growth.With inflation at a new 40-year high, families are paying an average of $5,200 more a year. I met with local leaders in Robertson County to discuss how Joe Bidens spending has affected the local economy and job growth.As we work on priorities for this years national defense bill in Washington, I was glad to be at @FortCampbell to discuss how I can continue to support our servicemembers and their families.Twitters censors are freaking out about Elon Musk because they cant buy his silence. Its clear big tech cant handle people with a different viewpoint.Joe Biden and the environmental left launched a war on American energy independence.  High gas and energy prices are the results.Local leaders in Montgomery County are concerned about making certain parents have a voice from their childs education to online privacy.  @mayordurrett @MayorJoePittsPlease stay safe and follow the instructions of your local officials.Biden decided that COVID is over for illegal aliens at the southern border but not for Americans.Mask mandates for air travel will reportedly be extended for two more weeks, while COVID restrictions at our border like Title 42 are being dropped.  Why is Joe Biden ending the pandemic for illegal immigrants and not American citizens?Started off a rainy morning at the Dickson County Chamber of Commerce discussing how we can foster workforce development across Tennessee and fight back against Joe Bidens reckless energy agenda.U.S. natural gas prices have skyrocketed 79% in 2022. We need an Operation Warp Speed for American energy now.Biden said today hes doing everything within his power to lower gas prices.  If that were true, he would have restarted the Keystone XL pipeline by now.Most Americans would trade tweets for lower prices at the pump.Parents will not be silenced as the left attempts to indoctrinate our children were witnessing a culture war in America.  @WinsomeSears @pnjaban @PastorDScott @ChadFWolf @asholiver.Joe Bidens inflation tax is costing Americans $5,200 a year.Inflation just accelerated to 8.5% a new 40-year high. American families are paying the price (literally) of Joe Bidens failed policies.You know things arent great when Jen Psaki is attempting to do clean-up BEFORE the inflation numbers are released.Tennesseans want a wall on our southern border.Democrats and the left-wing media think you are radical for wanting to keep biological males out of womens sports.A wall on our southern border would fix the problems Joe Biden created.Joe Bidens reckless spending has resulted in record-high inflation.Yesterday, @ChuckGrassley and I visited the Des Moines VA to hear about the care they provide for many Iowa veterans.  It's always my great honor to support the men and women who have faithfully served our country.On the day that President Biden took office, the average gallon of gas was $2.38.  At the time of Putins invasion of Ukraine, the average price was $3.53. This isnt Putins price hike its because of Joe Biden.We have a serious problem if Fauci refuses to condemn Communist Chinas response to a global pandemic.But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control; against such things there is no law. Galatians 5:22-23The #BidenBorderCrisis is about to get a whole lot worse when Title 42 is repealed.Whats happening in Ukraine is sickening. Russia has set up filtration camps for innocent, terrorized Ukrainians the West cannot sit back silently.Last month, 6,000 immigrants crossed our southern border illegally every day.  When Biden ends Title 42, that number could skyrocket to 18,000 illegal immigrants per day.Communist China is accelerating its nuclear weapons buildup.  This is the time for the Biden administration to portray peace through strength not more weak talk.Join me in praying for those who face hardship and tragedy because of Putins crimes against humanity.Remember when Twitter censored details on Joe Bidens involvement in shady business deals for misinformation?If Judge Jackson does not know what a woman is, how will she be able to resolve sex discrimination claims or rule on Title IX cases?The Biden administration expects another border surge, but they refuse to do anything about it. Why is that?Biden keeps blaming inflation and high gas prices on everyone and everything but himself.  Tennesseans know the truth.Sorry isnt good enough. We need answers, explanations, and resignations for this disastrous decision. @kristina_wongThis is what socialism gives you: censorship and the suppression of truth.Top Biden defense officials just admitted that it was wrong of the administration to share intelligence about Russia with the Chinese.  Youd think they would have figured that out ahead of time.While Biden fails to secure the border, China is busy sending chemicals to Mexican cartels who make and ship fentanyl here. Our adversaries are taking advantage of the border crisis Biden needs to secure it now.Americans want a Supreme Court Justice who will protect our children, liberties, and Constitution.  Judge Jackson has made it clear she will be a rubber-stamp for the far lefts agenda, and I cannot in good conscience support her confirmation to the highest court in the land.General Milley and Secretary Austin both admitted that the Biden administration should not have shared intelligence with the Chinese.Ukraine is being invaded, and the Biden administration is focused on investing millions of taxpayer dollars to push progressive ideology on our servicemembers.Putin took notes as Bidens weakness led to a disastrous U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan.Why did the Biden administration meet with top Chinese officials to give them intel on Russian troop movements?Russia must be fully accountable for its atrocious war crimes against innocent Ukrainian civilians.  Banning normal trade relations and oil imports from Russia is a step in the right direction. However, we must prioritize making America energy independent again.Parents live in fear of the progressive ideology being pushed in our schools.The mainstream media has lied to you for over a year about Hunter Biden and his laptop of doom.Americans want lower gas prices Biden and the left want a radical climate agenda.Americans deserve the full truth about Hunter Bidens laptop.Joe Biden ended COVID restrictions for illegal immigrants before American citizens.Joe Biden claims he doesn't speak to his son about his business dealings. How can that be true when Joe wrote a recommendation letter for the son of Hunters Chinese business partner?Meanwhile, the Biden administration refuses to secure the southern border.Irrefutable proof that Joe Biden knew about Hunters business dealings.Michael Sussman lied in a text to the FBI about working for the Clinton campaign when he tried to falsify allegations against President Trump.Just like real communists, BLM wants your money to live a life of luxury.What deals have Hunter and Joe Biden made with the Chinese Communist Party?With all of Joes recent failures, its no surprise former President Obama was back at the White House today someone has to do damage control.Both Disney and their supporters in the Chinese Communist Party support taking away rights from parents.Since Title 42 is being terminated because COVID is over, why do we need to spend another $10 billion on COVID relief or wear masks on airplanes?Hunter Biden exploited his family name, and Joe Biden and Ron Klain are trying to keep it low low key.Heres what you need to know about Biden Inc.  The Biden family has done 5 deals in China totaling some $31M  Hunter Bidens assistant was allegedly a Chinese researcher  Hunters private equity firm held a stake in a company with ties to the highest levels of the CCPThe Biden administration is throwing Americans security aside in the name of optics.  Abandoning Title 42 will lead to unprecedented chaos at our southern border.Why is no one surprised that a problematic CNN anchor is angry that someone who is pro-free speech will have more say on what happens at Twitter.Elon Musk has made clear he opposes big tech censorship, and thats something all freedom-loving Americans can get behind.Communist China is rapidly expanding its nuclear weapons and military capabilities while Biden is advocating to reduce our nuclear weapons.The hypocrisy coming out of the Biden Administration just doesnt end.  Their latest stunt? Ending Title 42 because COVID is over while continuing to force Americans to wear masks on airplanes.Hunter profited off of Joe Bidens office with money from CCP linked businesses.Joe Bidens chief of staff thinks its okay for Hunter to take money from Communist China while exploiting his fathers office.Judge Jackson will be a rubber stamp for the radical left.The left wants to rewrite our history, allow children to choose their gender, and teach CRT.Judge Jacksons record has made it clear that she will interpret the Constitution through the lens of progressive ideology.  I cannot in good conscience vote in favor of her nomination to the Supreme Court.A Supreme Court justices primary commitment should always be to the Constitution not to woke progressivism.In the time since Judge Jackson testified at her confirmation hearing, Disney has eliminated saying boys and girls, the State Department announced you could select X as a gender on your passport, and TSA will implement gender-neutral security screenings.The radical left is teaching five-year-olds that they can choose their own sex.  Meanwhile, theyve put forward a nominee to the Supreme Court who cannot define the word woman.The heinous war crimes Putin is carrying out against innocent Ukrainian civilians are monstrous and despicable.  The USA unequivocally stands with Ukraine in its fight to preserve its sovereignty.Americans want a Supreme Court justice who will uphold the rule of law, not twist it to fit their personal agendas.Weve had unprecedented numbers of illegal immigrants pouring across the southern border.  Biden has done nothing.We cant sit back and allow the left to indoctrinate our children.President Bidens budget will force cuts to key nuclear capabilities, at a time when Russia is threatening nuclear war. Russia, China, North Korea & Iran only understand peace through strength. We must provide our military the resources they need to defend & protect our freedom.There is a crisis on our southern border, and Joe Biden wants to roll back restrictions.Make no mistake: were witnessing a culture war in America.The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer, my God, my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold. Psalm 18:2Joe Biden is spreading disinformation by blaming Putin for the high gas prices.Now is not the time to roll back restrictions on illegal immigration.Parents across America are paying attention to what their children are learning in the classroom, and theyre speaking up.  Ban critical race theory.It is absolutely paramount that we secure our southern border.Disney wont say boys and girls, and schools are teaching children critical race theory. The left has launched a full-blown assault on American values.The Biden administration intends to allow terrorists to slip through the cracks with the new Iranian Nuclear Deal.Finished the day in Campbell County, receiving an update on all the great work they are doing to bring new industry to the area.Stopped in to see Mayor Jeff Tibbals in Scott County, where we discussed the importance of ensuring residents have access to broadband and telehealth.Bidens new Iran Nuclear Deal is filled with loopholes that let known terrorists enter and stay in the U.S.Met with local leaders in Morgan County and heard from them about how decisions in Washington are affecting them including unprecedented illegal immigration, inflation, and reckless spending.Always a good time in Fentress County! Our local and federal partnership is vital to a prospering Tennessee.The pandemic is over for illegals crossing our border but not Americans being forced to wear a mask on airplanes.In Anderson County, I spoke with Chamber officials concerned with high prices at the pump and Bidens bandaid fix to release 180 million barrels of oil.  We must prioritize finishing the Keystone pipeline and making America energy independent again.Bidens border crisis is out of control. Heavily armed human smugglers were caught with 18 illegal aliens in a U-Haul.Flipped some flapjacks at the Annual Pancake Fest in Knoxville this morning!  Thank you to the John T. OConnor Senior Center for hosting a wonderful event.My office and I are standing by to provide any assistance needed. @SevierCounty, @EmaSevierThank you to all of our brave first responders battling the fires in Wears Valley and Seymour. I spoke with local officials, including Sevier County Mayor Waters, Fire Chief Puckett, Pigeon Forge Mayor Wear, Police Chief Catlett, Fire Chief Watson, and City Manager Teaster.Joe Biden is releasing oil in a desperate attempt to put a bandaid on his failing agenda and the sky-high gas prices he created.Liberal activists are forcing themselves between parents and their kids, stripping words and institutions of their meaning and indoctrinating our culture with whatever fits their agenda.Parents will not allow our children to be indoctrinated.Biden administration policies, not Putin, have caused record-high gas prices.The @StateDept adding an X gender option on U.S. passports is another example of the Biden administration bending to the far lefts agenda.Hillary Clintons campaign has been fined by the FEC for their corrupt and dishonest funding of the Steele dossier that smeared President Trump. Good. Lets make sure the deep state never gets away with something like this ever again.The only reason Hunter isnt being investigated is because of his last name.My team and I are monitoring the situation in Sevier County and praying for all those impacted. Thank you to all of our first responders working around the clock. Please continue to follow guidance from local officials in the area.Disney should focus more on entertaining children and less on indoctrinating them with the lefts woke agenda.95% of poll participants in my tele-town hall last night agree that a Supreme Court Justice must understand the biological difference between a man and a woman.  Thank you to the Middle and East Tennesseans who joined.We have reached a point in society where five-year-olds are being taught they can choose their gender.The southern border is a priority for thousands of American families, but not for Joe Biden.Ending Title 42 would be a disaster for the already chaotic #BidenBorderCrisis.  Its time for Biden to do the right thing, and prioritize our border security.Joe Bidens tax hike will not benefit you; it will only benefit the left and their radical agenda.The left is actively erasing the definition of a woman before your eyes.This is happening right now on your southern border, and Joe Biden is busy advocating for a radical climate agenda.Under the Biden administrations new rule, more illegal immigrants will be allowed to enter our country under the false guise of asylum.Tennesseans deserve to know who Judge Jackson is and what she believes.Thank you to our veterans who served so selflessly during the Vietnam War. Today and every day, we honor your bravery and sacrifice. #VietnamVeteransDayThe federal government never gets enough of the tax payers money.This goes beyond a single definition its about the lefts culture war on women and our family values.Bidens economic plan will put families out of work.The Biden economic agenda is the surest way to ship your jobs overseas.Joe Bidens historic nominee to the Supreme Court cant even define what a woman is.Right on, @WinsomeSears!Biden told the Polish president, We have on our southern border thousands of people a day, literally not figuratively, trying to get into the U.S." There is simple is a solution to that problem, @JoeBiden. #BuildTheWallAmericans are suffering under record-high inflation. Bidens proposed $5 trillion in new spending is packed full of socialism including universal Pre-K & climate change.  We will not support spending more on the lefts wish list, which will kill jobs & create more inflation.Words have meaning, and it matters how our adversaries interpret them.All thanks to the #BidenBorderCrisisXi Jinping is closely watching not only Putins invasion of Ukraine but also the U.S. response.Oil prices around the world are still sky-high. We can't become energy independent until the Biden White House stops their war on oil..@StJude provides world-class care for children, and we are so grateful they are opening their arms to these Ukrainian families.The Taliban government is imposing new chaperone rules on Afghan women. This is the result of our disastrous departure from Afghanistan.Great story, thank you @FedEx!My help comes from the Lord, who made heaven and earth. Psalm 121:2Judge Jackson has presided over several child pornography cases, and she consistently came down on the side of the abuser.  In fact, on average, she sentenced child porn defendants to over five years below the recommended minimum sentence.Heartwarming story coming out Nashville this weekend. God bless our first responders.Democrats will throw your tax dollars at anything before fixing the problems their policies create.Always great to have your support, Tomi!@MollyJongFast That's just a fraction of the people who are tired of 'journalists' like you and your left-wing propaganda.The mainstream media wants to talk about everything besides the facts and Judge Jacksons record.Its absurd the U.S. is considering pushing Iranian oil into the global market and allowing them to develop nuclear weapons.  And lets not forget that Russia is negotiating the deal on our behalf.Our southern border is in crisis. We need a Supreme Court Justice to uphold the rule of law not overturn it to fit their political agenda.Russian mercenary company, Wagner Group, has been tasked with assassinating a democratically-elected world leader. This sets a dangerous precedent.Children who are victimized by predators dont care about why these predators did what they did.  Our justice system shouldnt either.The radical left is working overtime to transform our nation and its values.There are sentencing guidelines for a reason. After Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson sentenced a child predator to 3 months instead of the recommended 8 years, the perpetrator reoffended. You do not go easy on child predators.The liberal media is beyond triggered that Judge Jackson, nominated on the basis of her sex, could not even define the word woman. CNN and their cronies are exasperated and can't cope with the facts. CC: @brikeilarcnn, @CNN, @washingtonpost, @MSNBC, @nytimesAnyone who exploits our children is a predator and deserves to be locked up.We need a Supreme Court Justice who will adhere to the text of our Constitution not invent rights to serve their political interests.Democrats want gasoline stimulus checks.  Lets deal with the root cause instead. Its time for the U.S. to restart the Keystone pipeline, drill domestically, and become a net exporter of oil and gas.@SeanMoran3 ExactlyTwitter is censoring @FDRLST content and reporting it may be unsafe. What is unsafe about the truth?Ketanji Brown Jackson released a cop killer into society.COVID-19 does not justify the release of roughly 1,500 criminals from the DC Department of Corrections.With crime skyrocketing, families no longer feel safe in their own neighborhoods.  The right to keep and bear arms is vital and must be protected.Does Judge Jackson still believe child pornography offenders are not pedophiles?The Constitution grants us rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness not abortions.The left needs help solving this oneJudge Jacksons philosophy, it appears, is exactly backward: restrictions on children and families, and freedom for criminals.A justice who fails to anchor her decisions in the Constitution is legally adrift, guided only by politics and her own personal morals and worldview.Madeleine Albright helped pave the way for an entire generation of American women to take their place on the world stage.  My deepest condolences to her loved ones during this time.Democrats are so far to the left that their Supreme Court nominee cannot answer a simple question.If President Biden fills the Supreme Court with justices who will do his political bidding, it sets a precedent for the next administration to do the same.This is a simple question that requires a simple answer.  Its a major red flag that a Supreme Court nominee backed by the far left refuses to define the word woman.Judge Jackson sentenced child-porn defendants to over five years below the minimum sentence recommended by the Sentencing Guidelines. This should deeply concern every parent.Judge Jackson cant even define what a woman is.It doesnt take a biologist to understand what a woman is.Now you know how I would feel if I watched your show.American parents deserve a Supreme Court justice who is committed to preserving parental autonomy and protecting our nations children.The liberal dark money groups that back Judge Jackson want to pack the Court.  Why wont she give an answer on her position?As a mother and a grandmother, I cannot fathom how a judge would let a child predator off easy.Judge Jackson cannot give a clear and simple definition of the word woman.Georgetown Day School, of which Judge Jackson is a board member, teaches kindergarteners that they can choose their gender.Parents rely on our public school system to teach children facts, not indoctrinate them.In Judge Jacksons thesis, she wrote that judges and various court professionals have personal hidden agendas that influence how they decide cases.Reminder: the word abortion does not appear in the Constitution.63 million unborn children suffered as a result of judicial activism in Roe v. Wade.Judge Jackson has described pro-life women as a hostile, noisy crowd of in-your-face women.The left is doing everything in their power to shut down the tough questions that dont fit their narrative.  Its pathetic, and Americans deserve better.Nine justices are charged with interpreting the laws that Congress creates and the Executive Branch implements.Judge Jackson, during her time on the Sentencing Commission: it is a mistake to assume that child pornography offenders are pedophiles.The liberal media is disregarding and manipulating thefacts to fit their narrative. I'm fighting for theAmerican people because they have a right to know the policies and ideology of a nominee for the highest court in our land.Judge Jackson said it herself: we must attempt to identify the personal hidden agendas of various court professionals.Demand Justice a radical progressive dark-money group that backs Judge Jacksons nomination is pushing Democrats to pack the Court.The Senate must ask tough questions of Judge Jackson to know exactly where she stands.  No amount of spin from the liberal media will deter us from doing our job.Judge Jackson is nominated for a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land, and her judicial philosophy remains largely unknown.Im not afraid to ask tough questions to a nominee for the highest court in our nation. American families way of life depends on having a constitutionalist court, but the media and the left will attack anyone who dares to ask important questions.The liberal media will not silence me.Tennesseans do not want activist judges. They want judges who will follow the rule of law and the Constitution as written.Tennesseans deserve to know where Judge Jackson stands: will she uphold the rule of law and Constitution as written?Moms and dads are troubled by the progressive agenda being pushed in some of our public-school systems. Educators are allowing biological males to steal opportunities from female athletes in the name of progressivism.1,500 criminals. That is the number of convicts Judge Jackson wanted to set loose into society.Judge Jackson used the COVID-19 pandemic as justification to release a fentanyl drug dealer, a bank robber addicted to heroin, and a convict who murdered a U.S. Marshall back onto the streets.The American people want a Supreme Court justice who will protect their families freedoms, not be a rubber stamp for government overreach into private family decisions.Rather than defending our girls, those in power are teaching them that their voices dont matter. Americans need a Supreme Court justice who will protect our children and defend parents constitutional right to decide what is best for their own kids.You cannot do the job of a Supreme Court justice without a judicial philosophy.The Senate must not blindly confirm a Supreme Court justice to serve as a rubber stamp for a radical progressive agenda.Americans want a constitutionalist, not a judicial activist.Comedy has officially been canceled by the Silicon Valley elites.  Weve reached a new low when satire is being censored.Predators that exploit our children are some of the most sick and vile humans on earth. They deserve to be locked up.Child predators dont deserve a free pass they deserve to be locked up. Its deeply troubling Judge Jackson does not seem to share this view.Judge Jackson has yet to answer important questions about her judicial philosophy. Its time for her to let Tennesseans know this. It will determine how she approaches her job.Small businesses are hurting under Bidens price hike.  Make America energy independent and save our small businesses.Over 2 million illegal immigrants from more than 160 countries have crossed the border since Joe Biden has taken office.Judge Jacksons judicial record concerns me from letting a murderer free in the name of COVID to going easy on child predators.During the hearing, I plan to press Judge Jackson on her writings, record and rulings to ensure that we nominate a constitutionalist to the Supreme Court.Judge Jackson deserves a thorough, fair and transparent confirmation process, but that process requires asking the tough questions.Therefore you are great, O Lord God. For there is none like you, and there is no God besides you, according to all that we have heard with our ears. 2 Samuel 7:22Tennesseans reject the idea of packing the Supreme Court.Given the chance, the radical left will pack the Supreme Court until it becomes a rubber stamp for their agenda.  Where does Judge Jackson stand on court-packing?Inflation is a tax on hardworking Americans courtesy of Joe Biden and the radical left.164,973 illegal immigrantswere apprehended in February attempting to cross the border.It shouldnt be up for debate. Biological men should not be allowed to compete in womens sports.This should be investigated as a war crime.Thank you to our @TNMilitaryDept men and women who are always there to serve.I am deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Congressmen Young. I enjoyed serving in the House with him, and Im keeping his wife Anne and his children in my prayers.Actions speak louder than words, @JoeBiden. Open the Keystone Pipeline and make America energy independent again!Democrats want to transform the number of justices on the Supreme Court so that they can transform America with their radical agenda.If Xi provides military support to Russia, the USA and international community should cut off Communist China. All sanctions against Russia should be placed on China.Womens sports are for biological women. Any other outcome is simply unfair to our female competitors.  Why is the left so insistent on stripping opportunities for females?Allowing non-biological women to compete against biological women discourages future generations of female athletes. We owe it to our daughters to give them a fair opportunity at competing and winning.The Supreme Court has nine justices, and thats the way it should stay.Another broken promise for the Biden administration.Putin and Xi are partners in crime.Psaki said todays call with Xi is an opportunity for President Biden to assess where President Xi stands.  Let me save you some time. Xi is a brutal dictator intent on global domination.Protecting women in sports means only biological women should be allowed to compete against each other.Biden will give Xi more tough talk today as he tries to intimidate Xi into not helping Putin.  Lets try some action, Mr. President. Start by setting restrictions on Chinas digital currency.Strange how Jen Psaki was able to comment on Hunter Bidens laptop when it was Russian disinformation, but dodges now that its confirmed by The New York Times.Joe Bidens border crisis is still ongoing.President Biden will speak to Xi Jinping tomorrow. Biden needs to inform Xi that the U.S. will not back down to this new Axis of Evil.Adam Mosseri told us months ago that Instagram would launch its first-ever parental controls. But nothing happened until @SenBlumenthal and I introduced the Kids Online Safety Act to require more accountability by social media companies.The Biden administration is staying the course in negotiating the Iran nuclear deal with the Russians while Putin wages an unprovoked war against Ukraine.  It doesn't add up.Our Constitution lays it out clearly.Thank you, @Schwarzenegger, for your compelling video and support of Ukraines sovereignty. #StandWithUkraineI invite Fauci to social distance from all of us.Russia is working to ensure their Axis of Evil partner, Iran, has no barriers to develop a nuclear weapon.Hunter Bidens laptop was always real, but the mainstream media and big tech silenced you for talking about it anyway.Judges dont create, nor do they enforce. They interpret the laws.Build the wall. Open Keystone. Beat China.Do not let the media distract you from the ongoing crisis at the southern border.These terrorists should be locked away forever.Thank you, @DoctorJanette, @Franklin_Graham, and @SamaritansPurse, along with the countless other first responders that have put themselves in harm's way to help innocent Ukrainians.We need constitutionalists who believe our founding document is the standard for their decisions.Retweet and vote below if Daylight Savings Time should be permanent.Putin is waging an unprovoked, tyrannical war against an independent nation. We must not let him escape accountability.  Today, I introduced a resolution with @SenBlumenthal to call for a ban on Moscows full access to SWIFT and other specialized financial messaging systems.Saudi Arabia wants to use Communist Chinas Digital Yuan for oil sales. Our adversaries are using this opportunity to dismiss the U.S., and they will continue to do so as long as Biden allows them to.Communist China wants to take advantage of the crises happening on the world stage we cannot afford a slip up by the Biden administration.President @ZelenskyyUa delivered a powerful speech this morning. We must send Ukraine lethal support immediately.In his first year in office, Joe Biden has caused more problems than hes solved.President Zelensky has shown unwavering leadership and courage. Ukraine is fighting back against Putin, not just for themselves, but for Eastern Europe and freedom loving countries across the globe.The USA stands with Ukraine.After three long years, we are delighted to welcome Greg Kelly home to Tennessee.The Biden administration is busy talking to influencers from an app controlled by the Chinese Communist Party because they will accept help from anyone willing to push their talking points.Has the situation in Ukraine taught Biden nothing? We need a secure border now..@SenTomCotton is exactly right, While President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has rallied his people to defend their homeland, President Biden has responded with timidity and half-measures.Russia-state television is calling for public hangings in Ukraine. Their inhumanity is atrocious and should be met with consequences from the international community.Heartbreaking news. Praying for Pierres family, loved ones, and colleagues.China is watching Russias invasion closely and will offer aid if it benefits their cause. Meanwhile, the U.S. is allowing Russia to dictate the terms of the Iran nuclear deal.Biden will be allowing funds to go toward terrorism if we return to the failed Iran Nuclear Deal.Joe Biden and Kamala Harris may not worry about inflation, but American families are standing in the checkout line wondering how theyre going to afford everything in their grocery cart.How on earth is the Biden administration still going through with negations for a new Iran nuclear deal?Russia is asking China for help that tells you everything you need to know.As Russia escalates its censorship campaign by the day, 737,000 users in Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine are able to access the internet because of @PsiphonInc and other tools funded by my legislation with @SenatorMenendez, the Open Technology Fund Authorization Act.In the wake of Russias request for military aid from China, Jake Sullivans meeting with the CCPs top diplomat was full of more tough talk but no action.  Now is the time to bring our supply chains back from Communist China and strengthen American energy.So far, the Biden administrations handling of Russia and Communist China has been too little too late.  Biden should learn from his mistakes and take preemptive action against the CCP and our adversaries aiding Russia. @AmericaRpts @SandraSmithFoxWe are holding Benjamin and his sweet young family close and in our prayers.Gas prices didnt have to be this high.Russia and China are part of the new Axis of Evil with a shared interest in weakening American power.This is what happens when you do business in countries with authoritarian regimes.In FY2021, immigration officials deported 34 suspected terrorists. #BidenBorderCrisisThe U.S. shouldn't negotiate a new nuclear deal with Russia or Iran, period.Russia asked their friends in Communist China for military and economic aid. This is the new axis of evil forming in plain sight, and the U.S. cannot turn a blind eye.Under Joe Biden, deportations have reached a 26-year low, while illegals are crossing our southern border in record numbers.Bidens DHS wants to equate dissenting speech to domestic terrorism but ignores the threat of potential terrorists crossing our southern border.Congratulations, @Vol_Hoops! #GoVols@donwinslow Ill just leave this hereJust weeks ago, Joe Bidens administration shut down a DOJ program to combat Chinese espionage.  Now, national security officials are warning that Chinese spies are a grave threat to the USA.And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:7Border Patrol agents have apprehended illegals on the terrorist watchlist.  An open southern border is a real national security threat.The southern border is wide open.  There is no telling how many terrorists have entered the USA since Joe Biden has taken office. We must build the wall and secure our border to protect American families.Profit-driven off the backs of imprisoned Muslim Uyghurs?Disney paused business dealings in Russia for PR, but theyre still making deals with Communist China.High prices at the gas pump are a result of the Biden administrations bad policies, and Tennesseans everywhere are feeling the impact.Inflation is on the mind of every American family right now, but Democrats are focused on passing a radical climate agenda.The left will never let a crisis go to waste.  If you need further proof that climate change is their religion, look no further.  They want to make $5 a gallon gas a permanent fixture.In Jackson County, I spoke with County Mayor Randy Heady, Gainesboro Mayor Lloyd Williams, EMS Director Keith Bean and Director of Schools Kristy Brown about how rising costs are impacting everything from IV bags to bus routes.In Gainesboro, I spoke with @mrskristybrown, Director of @jacksoncoschool, about how Bidens gas prices are affecting students.In Overton County, I spoke with County Executive Danner and Sheriff Garrett about rising energy costs and backing the blue!In Pickett County, folks are sick and tired of paying sky high prices at the pump. Great to be with County Executive Garner, Mayor Gibson and Sheriff Dowdy.They must organize and safely manage their reservoir and satisfy several regulatory requirements, such as an onsite inspection, environmental review, and permit approval. This process can actually take up to 10 years. @TNDAccording to a Department of Interior report, the U.S. had more than 37,000 oil and gas leases just last year so 9,000 is a small number comparatively and just because an oil company has a lease doesn't mean they can just start drilling.American families cant afford to fill their cars up at the pump, and the Biden administration is mocking them.The Biden administration is advocating 100% green energy as the solution for rising energy prices. In other words, they want us to trade reliance on Russian oil for reliance on China and Russia for the materials to make electric cars, wind turbines, and solar panels.It is silly for the White House and the Democrats to blame Putin for inflation. Tennesseans know the truth.It seems the only thing Kamala Harris knows how to do is laugh off her responsibilities.Whats worse, they tried to hold hostage critical military resources in their bid to get it passed. Tennesseans are tired of radicals in Washington wasting our hard-earned tax dollars, which is why I voted against this reckless spending bill.Under the Democrats leadership, inflation has reached a 40-year high and gas is more expensive than it was in 2008, at the height of the financial crisis. With one vote, the left was trying to smuggle through more wasteful spending.Tennesseans should not be forced to fund $40M for Pelosis neighborhood park and $1.6M to study shellfish in Rhode Island.Democrats are at it again with a 2,700+ page reckless spending bill to fund their woke agenda.Democrats want to spend $1.5 trillion of your tax dollars to fund their pet projects.Its time for an Operation Warp Speed to address American energy independence. @cvpayneGas prices have been increasing since Joe Biden was elected. He shut down American energy production to appease the woke climate fanatics. Climate is the lefts religion. Source: @businessLast month, the Biden administration blamed COVID for inflation.  This month, it was Putins fault.  When will Democrats start taking ownership of their disastrous policies?The Biden administration has managed to break records for inflation and illegal border crossings all within 14 months.Gas prices are the most expensive theyve ever been thanks to @JoeBiden.Hold on to your wallet and your kid's piggy bank. The Democratic party is on a massive spending spree.Inflation just hit a NEW 40-year high at 7.9%. DC Democrats leftist policies are trying to bankrupt American families.Inflation is rapidly increasing, and Biden has offered no solution.Rising gas prices didn't happen overnight theyre caused by a year of bad energy policies.Biden said they were expecting Russias invasion. Why didnt he start working toward American energy independence then?Joe Biden is directly responsible for record-breaking gas prices. Thats what happens when you ban new leases to produce American oil and halt the Keystone XL.Biden is making it easy for China and Russia to take advantage of us.Bidens Energy agenda:  Halted the Keystone pipeline Froze new leases to produce American oil Rejoined the Paris Climate Agreement Turned to authoritarian regimes for oil productionRussian forces bombed a maternity and children's hospital in Mariupol. These sick, heinous, and evil crimes will not be tolerated.Under Joe Biden, the U.S. is breaking records for job openings in America with 11M unfilled positions in January.We need an Operation Warp Speed for U.S. energy.Biden claims his administration isnt holding back domestic energy production.  Reminder: he canceled Keystone pipeline production on his first day in office.Retweet if you want Joe Biden to restart construction of the Keystone pipeline.Joe Biden personally called Nancy Pelosi and begged her to stop Congress from banning Russian oil imports. Biden acted only after being backed into a corner.If Joe Biden is taking this energy crisis seriously, hell produce an Operation Warp Speed for American energy.Gas prices have never been higher. Why is Joe Biden still banning companies from creating energy in America?What President Biden needs to do is implement an Operation Warp Speed for American energy.  Rebuild the Keystone pipeline, expand clean American energy and invest in nuclear power.The USA should not be funding authoritarian regimes like Russia by purchasing their oil. We must restart American energy, and become energy independent again.Joe Biden has it backward. Our border should be closed, and our pipelines should be open.Way to go, @GoMocsMBB! Can't wait to cheer you on in the Big Dance! #MarchMadnessWe need an Operation Warp Speed for American energy.Joe Biden has decimated Americas energy independence, and Americans are paying the high price. Literally.An absolute class act. Thank you, @DollyParton. #PrayForUkraineIran wants to develop nuclear weapons. Biden cannot agree to a new nuclear deal with them.And you can thank President Trump and Operation Warp Speed for your vaccine, @AOC.Biden fueled the illegal immigration crisis.Joe Biden is more willing to pay authoritarian regimes for oil than go energy independent.Russian banks cut off from global payment networks are turning to Chinas state-run banking system.Biden put a wall around his beach house but refuses to put a wall on your southern border.Kamala Harris is still struggling to figure out the crisis on our southern border.Putin will stop at nothing to gain more power even murdering innocent Ukrainian mothers and children.  Its utterly sickening.The Biden administration is trying to slip a new nuclear deal with Iran under the table quietly.Joe Biden is reportedly set to give Iran $7 billion in frozen funds.Joe Biden made a conscious decision to destroy our energy independence. Now, Americans are suffering the consequences, with skyrocketing prices everywhere they turn.Under President Trump, gas was about $2.17 in 2020.Instead of shopping for oil from one authoritarian regime to the next, what about American energy?We don't need a new deal with Iran. We don't need more oil and gas from Russia.  We need energy independence.If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 John 1:9American oil. American energy. American energy independence.A Ukrainian father walking his dog was shot in front of his son by armed Russian forces.  Russias military invasion is evil and deprived of humanity.Energy prices are skyrocketing because Joe Biden has made America less energy independent. Build the Keystone Pipeline.Joe Biden does not want you to RT this.  Cc: @PressSecJust finished a call with President @ZelenskyyUa, whose leadership and bravery inspire us all.  He requests the U.S. completely sever Russias economy from the world, stop imports of Russian gas and oil, and support Ukraine by sending more lethal aid. Lets get it done.Putin reportedly agreed to hold off on attacking Ukraine until after the Olympics in Beijing.  Warning to Joe Biden: the new Axis of Evil is banding together. Take action now.Russia is threatening the use of nuclear weapons, Iran wants to develop nuclear weapons, and theyre both at the negotiating table with U.S. officials finalizing a new Iran nuclear deal right now.  Bidens handling of our adversaries makes zero sense.Thank you, @SenatorHagerty! Its an honor to serve Tennesseans alongside you.Yesterday, the Senate finally ended the COVID national state of emergency. Today, we fight for every unvaccinated American who was wrongfully fired from their place of employment.Putin does not share our values, and has demonstrated that the Kremlin has no place in SWIFT or international organizations.Want to stick it to Putin? Get Russia out of SWIFT.Dr. Faucis agency lied to you about the origins of COVID-19, and they lied to you about Chinas role in this pandemic. No tax dollar should ever fund these kinds of lies again.The pandemic was long over before today; Democrats just didnt want to admit it.Putin is accusing a Jewish president of being pro-Nazi when, in fact, he is aiming missiles at highly Jewish populated areas in Ukraine.Send her to the southern border.Two years ago today, tornadoes ravaged across Middle TN causing devastating loss for so many. Today, we continue to stand with all those who were affected by this horrific day.We are thrilled that day will soon arrive. We thank all who have worked tirelessly alongside them to make this joyful homecoming a reality, and we wish them all happiness as they return home to Tennessee.Greg and Dee Kelly have endured an ordeal that has spanned years of false allegations, confinement to Japan and a lengthy court battle. They have been strong & kept up hope that they would be able to return home to their family, children, grandchildren, friends and community.If Putin's oil dried up, he would be left with an empty tank.Where was Bidens plan in his State of the Union address tocounter our adversaries?When Putin and Xi met at the Olympic Opening Ceremony, were they discussing Russias perfect time to invade Ukraine?TikToks days of putting profit above the wellbeing of our kids, and getting away with it, are over. Yesterdays announcement of a nationwide, bipartisan probe into TikTok compliments the Kids Online Safety Act to demand much-needed accountability. @SenBlumenthalEveryone knew China was withholding data, but the agency Fauci had oversight of lied about it anyway.  Why would they do that? Where does their loyalty lie?Communist China reportedly asked Russia to wait until after the Genocide Games to invade Ukraine.Good on them.  Companies should do the same with Communist China.This month, we celebrate and commemorate the tremendous strides women in America have made. Heres to the women who make history! #WomensHistoryMonthBiden sure didnt make his party happy with his fund the police remarks last night.Praying for the orphans in Ukraine.Youre right, Jen. This is a pattern of weak leadership.Over 150K people a day in Ukraine, Belarus & Russia continue to access the internetdespite the Russian government intensifying its censorship operation. This is thanks to @PsiphonInc, made possible by the bipartisanOpen Technology Fund Authorization Act I led w/@SenatorMenendezPutins actions against the Ukrainian people cannot be tolerated.  Remove Russia entirely from the SWIFT banking system and UN Security Council immediately.Thank you, @AMVETSHQ of Tennessee, for stopping by this morning! Its an honor to fight for Tennessee veterans and ensure they have access to the care they deserve.Bidens plan is still a liberal wish list that keeps our borders open, increases our debt, and makes America dependent on tyrannical regimes for energy.Joe Biden and Kamala Harris weaponized COVID. They refused to take a vaccine developed by President Trump.Joe Biden gifted Putin the Nord Stream 2 pipeline and is pushing for a new Iran nuclear deal to push Iranian oil into the world market.Joe Biden is attempting to rewrite history his party is leading the fight to defund the police.Like I said, build the wall.The state of our union is weakened by Joe Bidens leadership.Is Joe Biden delusional? Americans are suffering under his failed leadership.Joe Biden thinks Americans are better off under his policies.  How do rising inflation, an unprecedented border crisis, and emboldened adversaries make us better off?Want infrastructure?  Build the wall.Instead of securing the border, Joe Biden has put the lives of women, children, and families knowingly into the hands of cartels. #SOTUVoter ID is necessary to vote in U.S. elections, and that's the way it should stay.Joe Biden would rather fire unvaccinated police officers than back the blue. #SOTUDemocrats demands to Defund the Police have ruined our cities.Mask theater does not stop the spread of COVID-19. #SOTUFor the left, its never been about science its always been about power. #SOTUDon't let the left fool you. They are only lifting COVID restrictions now because it's politically expedient to do so. #SOTUWant to lower the deficit?  Spend less and cut the size of the federal government. #SOTUIf Joe wants to return manufacturing to the US, he should support my SAM-C bill to bring back pharmaceutical manufacturing from Communist China. #SOTUJoe is laying it out.  He wants cradle to grave government control. #SOTUBiden spent over $3 trillion in taxpayer dollars last year in the name of 'COVID relief' and 'infrastructure.' Americans do not want his socialist 'Build Back Broke' plan. #SOTUInflation is a tax on hardworking American families courtesy of Joe Biden. #SOTUBidens reckless spending is pushing prices even higher. #SOTUJoe Biden canceled the Keystone Pipeline but he gifted Putin the Nordstream 2 pipeline. #SOTUBiden has taxed hardworking Americans while Trump gave us a tax cut. #Inflation #SOTU2022Under Joe Biden, inflation is the highest it's been in four decades. #SOTU2022Russia is a gas station with an army. #SOTU2022Joe Biden has given up the biggest bargaining chip weve had against the New Axis of Evil energy independence.This is the second time Putin has invaded a foreign country while Joe Biden has been in the White House. #SOTU2022The United States is back to leading from behind under President Biden. #SOTU2022Agree with @IngrahamAngle Biden must sanction Communist China for bolstering Russias invasion of Ukraine. Russia, China, Iran and North Korea are the new axis of evil. They must be stopped.My heart breaks for my fellow Christians in Ukraine that are fighting for their freedom. Christians around the world should join us and pray for Ukraine.Russia does not deserve a seat on the UN Security Council after its egregious actions toward Ukraine.Joe Biden has had over a year to secure the border. Instead, hes made it worse.The UN must strip Russia of its ability to veto in the security council.Its time to stop financing Putins war and restart Americas energy.Russia must be exiled from the international community for its war crimes and unprovoked attack on innocent Ukrainians.Pray for Ukrainian freedom fightersThank you, @elonmusk, for supporting the freedom fighters in Ukraine. Starlink will assist thousands of men and women in their fight to stand up to Putin.Joe Biden has given up the biggest bargaining chip we have against evil energy independence.In his #SOTU address tonight, Biden should address if his administration lied did $5 million in federal taxpayer dollars go toward funding crack pipes in the name of COVID relief?Using their playbook from Syria, Russian military forces are allegedly employing cluster munitions against at least two civilian targets. That is a war crime.Americans have made it clear they want a secure border.Tennessee mamas arent happy under Bidens failed policies!Borders matter Joe Biden needs to secure our southern one.The Womens Health Protection Act is an attack against the health of women & unborn children. Today, I voted against this legislation which would open the pathway for abortion on demand & legalize late term abortions.The Keystone pipeline decreased our reliance on the Kremlin, and Joe Biden closed it.Under President Trump, America was an energy exporter. Now, the US & Europe are empowering Russia with energy dependence.My heartfelt sympathies are extended to Senator Feinstein and her family.Consumer goods are up in price from the Biden administrations America last policies.Communist China is watching closely right now.Putin is committing war crimes.If Biden knew Putin was preparing for this, why didnt he do anything?Securing our southern border must become a priority for the Biden administration.Yesterday, I was honored to be with members of our @TNMilitaryDept @TennesseeGuard at their annual conference. These men and women represent the very best of our state, and we are so grateful for their service. @GovBillLeeMigrant encounters nearly doubled this January compared to January 2021.  Now is the time to secure the southern border.We must no longer rely on the Kremlin for energy. America must be energy independent.In 2021, Border Patrol apprehended more than 2 million immigrants from 160 countries attempting to cross our southern border illegally not including the 600k known got-aways.  2022 is already on track to shatter those records. #BuildTheWallIt is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not leave you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed. Deuteronomy 31:8This is about holding a tyrant accountable. The United States must not stand for this kind of behavior, and we must ensure the world remembers the heinous crimes Vladimir Putin is committing.Thank you, @V_Omelyan, for your bravery. A former Infrastructure Minister, he has left his family at home to take up arms and fight on the front lines against Russia. The USA is praying for you and all Ukrainians.Russia must be cut off financially and diplomatically immediately.  Thats why Im introducing resolutions to help encourage our NATO partners and the UN to remove Russia from the SWIFT banking system and UN Security Council.Joe Biden has given Russia, China, and Iran the runway to attack the U.S. and our partners around the globe.The U.S. should immediately do the same and encourage our NATO partners to remove Russia from the SWIFT banking system.God bless President Zelenskyy and the brave Ukrainians defending their freedom against forces of evil and inhumanity. We stand with youPutin will pay for this. The USA will not forget what Russia is doing.Make America energy independent again.This is what you call completely for the kids. May God bless him.Fire every person in the Biden administration who wanted to give Xi Jinping intel on Putins plans.Remove Russia from the UN Security Council.Why did Joe Biden give Xi Jinping intel on Putins plans?When the Biden administration received intel on Russias plans, they went straight to Communist China. What did Xi Jinping do? He leaked the intel to Putin. Joe Bidens actions are a threat to our national security and cost Ukraine precious time and lives.Ukraine begged Biden to levy sanctions prior to being invaded. Biden sat on his hands and did nothing.Russia must be exiled from the international community. It is a direct threat to the safety and security of the United States and our allies.We must not blindly confirm a justice to serve as a rubber stamp for a radical progressive agenda.I do plan on meeting with the Presidents nominee in person, and thoroughly vetting her record to determine if she is a person of high character. A Supreme Court nominee must be committed to upholding the rule of law and Constitution as written.It is an attempt to hide that for over three months Biden refused to levy sanctions against Russia or send military assistance to Ukraine. However, I cannot hold President Bidens failure to lead our nation against his nominee.President Bidens announcement just days after an unprovoked full scale invasion by Russia is extremely inappropriate. Once again, Biden is putting the demands of the radical progressive left ahead of what is best for our nation.Putin and Xi cannot be trusted. This type of thinking is beyond dangerous and irresponsible. Open your eyes and act now before its too late.Then make America feared again.Just in time for the State of the Union, the Biden White House is trying to set up a victory lap.John Kerry is a joke.Joe Biden is refusing to target Russias energy sector because he fears his poll numbers will drop during the midterms.Putin began the escalation of this conflict last fall. Biden stood by and watched as Putin prepared for war. Putin was emboldened by Bidens weakness and debacle in Afghanistan.Ukraine is an independent & sovereign nation. The U.S. & our NATO partners should continue to support Ukraine & provide lethal defensive military aid.  Biden must levy all possible sanctions against the Kremlin, including targeting their energy sector & removing them from SWIFT.John Kerry is urging the world to prioritize climate change over Putins war crimes.If the U.S. can remove Iran from SWIFT in 2012, we can remove Russia now for their war crimes.  Mr. President, do the right thing and show Putin we wont stand for his inhumanity. Lets encourage our European allies to help get the Kremlin out of SWIFT.President Biden should sanction Russias energy sector. While he's at it, he should go also after the CCP.Russia called its first day killing innocent civilians in Ukraine successful.  Putin is a tyrant who must be stopped.Vladimir Putin is committing war crimes by killing innocent civilians.China has entered Taiwans air defense zone.  Do not be fooled Beijing is watching Russias invasion and taking notes.Remove Russia from the SWIFT banking system immediately.There is no holding back its beyond time to levy all possible sanctions against the Kremlin.It's time to respond to dictators like Putin and Xi with tough action starting with removing Russia from the SWIFT banking system. @MariaBartiromo @MorningsMariaAnd there it is: it didn't take long for Beijing to announce Taiwan 'is not Ukraine' but an 'inalienable part of China.'My office is standing by to help Tennesseans in Ukraine. If you need emergency assistance, please see the information below:Stand with Ukraine. Stand with Taiwan. Stand with freedom.We pray for the people of Ukraine as they defend against Putins attempt to rebuild the old Soviet Union. Biden must stand up to Putin and immediately levy severe sanctions against Russia starting with removal from the SWIFT banking system.  The USA stands with Ukraine.Pray for the people in Ukraine.The Biden administration has completely neglected our southern border.Under Biden, the prices you pay at checkout are higher than they should be.The Biden administration has demonstrated incompetence when it comes to Russia and Communist China.Joe Bidens presidency has been a gift to Vladimir Putin.Biden has been more critical of unvaccinated Americans than Vladimir Putin..@sherifflamb1 couldnt agree more radical Democrats are aiding and abetting a humanitarian crisis at our southern border. Build the wall!Biden is letting Vladimir Putin call the shots.While President Biden refuses to take tough action against Russia, hes also attempting to quietly finalize a deal with Iran that would give them a pathway to nuclear weapons.  The Biden administrations policies put the safety of Americans at risk.Biden was given the chance to demonstrate Americas strength. He failed.Why is Joe Biden for a Russian pipeline, but against an American one?Cancel the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.Ill say it again: Its far past time for the Biden administration to immediately impose severe sanctions - including on the Nord Stream II pipeline - and remove Russia from the SWIFT international banking system.  POTUS must not sit back and allow Putin to have the upper hand.Meanwhile, Joe Biden has refused to take meaningful action, and his weakness has emboldened Moscow.  Last year, I urged President Biden to take decisive action by sending Ukraine the lethal assistance they need to defend themselves and imposing sanctions before it was too late.Vladimir Putin wants nothing more than to return to the days of the old Soviet Union, and he has made it clear he will attack the national security of the U.S. and our partners to make it happen.Hillary Clintons campaign paid to frame President Trump as a Russian agent. Joe Biden has helped Vladimir Putin.Tomorrow? Is Biden asleep?  Russia is invading Ukraine, we need to act now.Joe Biden waited until Putin took action before sanctioning his comrades in the Kremlin. Why did he wait, and who is he helping?Still waiting for you to go toe-to-toe with him, Joe.Why is Joe Biden waiting for Ukrainians to lose their lives? Kick Russia out of SWIFT now.The International Olympic Committee allowed a genocidal regime to host the Olympics and a Russian athlete that was doping to compete. Team USAs presence at the Beijing Olympics legitimized this nonsense.The Chinese Communist Party is getting away with crimes against humanity, and the Biden administration is turning a blind eye.Biden administration policies are incentivizing illegal immigration.Happy Presidents Day! Today, let us honor all that our nations Presidents have done to guide us, and let us pray for future leaders who are willing to stand up and fight for freedom.Secretary of State Blinken said the U.S. will not impose sanctions against Russia until bombs are actually dropping. This is whos in charge of U.S. foreign policy.Take note: the Biden administration refuses to take action against Russia until they murder innocent Ukrainians.Welcome to Tennessee, @ChickfilA! We appreciate your significant investment in our state.Thank you to White County for hosting an informative meeting to talk about how the border crisis has turned every town into a border town.Build the wall.This is the Fauci cover up. What are they hiding?Be still, and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth! Psalm 46:10This week, I called out DHS for attempting to silence criticism of the Biden administration by calling it domestic terrorism.  Now, DHS has stated that my criticism of their tactics is contributing to the domestic terror threat.  Thank you for proving my point, @DHSgov.Thank you, @TXAG Ken Paxton, for your work to investigate TikTok for their child privacy violations and potential complicity in human trafficking.  We must hold Big Tech companies accountable. Its why @SenBlumenthal and I introduced the Kids Online Safety Act.Its February, and the #BidenBorderCrisis is already shattering records set in 2021.The safety of our Border Patrol agents is in peril because Biden refuses to secure the border and #BuildTheWall.Biden has failed to take action and sanction Russia.  Putin sees now as his golden opportunity to invade Ukraine because he knows Biden is a weak leader. @JacquiHeinrichI met with Mayor Randy Porter and Mayor Ricky Shelton to discuss how to address rising inflation and encourage economic development in Putnam County.Taiwan has entered the chat.Thank you to @allen_foster, Mayor James Mayberry, and @CSexton25 for talking with me about how we can support schools, farmers, and economic development in Cumberland County!Bidens DHS is abusing its power by equating our constitutional right to dissent to violent terrorism.Appreciate the warm welcome in Knoxville this morning!The Biden administration has made it clear that they have every intention to police Americans speech and thoughts.DHS new bulletin comparing dissenting speech to domestic terrorism is an insult to the memories of those who died in the 9/11 attacks and the Oklahoma City bombing, and to those who were held at gunpoint at a Colleyville, TX synagogue.Such a great morning in East Tennessee with Knox County Mayor @GlennJacobsTN. We spoke about record-high inflation caused by Bidens reckless spending, the importance of a strong education system, and Bidens border crisis.This morning, I joined @MayorKincannon at her legislative breakfast to discuss how Im fighting for East Tennesseans.Rep. Jim Hagedorn was a dedicated public servant who loved our country and fought for our freedoms in Congress. I am praying for his loved ones during this difficult time.Why would BLM pay bail for the alleged shooter who targeted a Jewish mayoral candidate?You cant make this up.What do @JoyVBehar and Dr. Fauci have in common? They make up and follow subjective rules that have nothing to do with science.Fire Jake Sullivan.Inflation is a tax on hard-working Americans courtesy of Joe Biden.No mandate is strong enough to silence free speech Justin Trudeau should know Americans are watching as he works to silence his constituents.Poll numbers are down, Bidens agenda is failing, and now Democrats are trying to play catch up.Rush Limbaugh was a giant for conservative principles. Today, on the first anniversary of his passing, we honor his life and continue to fight for the freedoms he championed.Mandates do not work. Lockdowns do not work. Silencing free speech will not work.DHS is wrong to equate dissenting speech with violent terrorism, and it sets a dangerous precedent.  I have called on them to revise their bulletin immediately.The competition between frenemies has begun. Putin and Xi have already tossed the U.S. aside.Middle Tennessee is expected to see potentially damaging storms and tornado activity this afternoon and evening.  Please have a plan in place to take shelter, and stay up to date with local weather authorities.Joe Biden is pushing for a new nuclear deal with Iran that will help a terrorist regime develop weapons of mass destruction.Justin Trudeau is acting like a tyrant. He has done everything to silence peaceful protesters and nothing to resolve the underlying matter: mandates do not work.National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan pushed a criminally false narrative.Hillary Clintons campaign spied on President Trump. These people should have no place in our government.The Clinton campaign spied on a U.S. President. That should make every American outraged.When I applauded Enes for his courage to stand up to Communist China, I didnt think hed be standing this tall! Thank you for speaking up and holding the CCP accountable, and thank you for joining us at lunch today, @EnesFreedom.Biden should have been tough on Russia from the beginning. His weakness has led Putin to think he can call all the shots for the U.S. and our partners around the world.Investigate Hillary Clinton.Where is all the media outrage on Jake Sullivans lies that tied President Trump with the Russian collusion?What else has Jake Sullivan lied about?.@SenBlumenthal and I are giving families a tool kit to protect children with The Kids Online Safety Act..@SenBlumenthal and I have heard many stories of harm affecting young users and Big Techs unwillingness to change. The Kids Online Safety Act will set necessary safety guardrails for online platforms to follow that will require transparency and give parents more peace of mind..@SenatorHagerty and I were honored to speak with a few members of the @101stAASLTDIV tonight after they received orders to deploy to Eastern Europe and assist in Joint Task Force Dragon.  We thank them for their service and dedication to our nation.Thank you, @SecBecerra, for committing to me in writing that taxpayer dollars will not be used to fund crack pipes.Biden giving Putin the green light to continue building their pipeline while he shut down our Keystone pipeline is all you need to know on his plan to negotiate with Russia.No matter what Russias course of action is, Biden must never let Putin off the hook.Putin is all about putting the old Soviet band back together.55% of items saw price increases in January.  Joe Bidens inflation tax is never-ending.Justin Trudeau is abusing his power to target political opponents standing up to his vaccine mandates. The USA must call on Trudeau to allow for peaceful political protest.Trump sanctioned Russia, while Biden allowed them to build a pipeline.Jake Sullivan lied to the American people in hopes of winning an election. How can the media trust a word he says?Why is the White House refusing to comment about Jake Sullivans role in fabricating evidence against President Trump?When Biden said return to normalcy, he must have meant a return to letting Putin get his way.The political lefts assault on U.S. natural gas is one of the most self-destructive acts in history. Its time for Biden to put America first, lift the leases, open Keystone, and start drilling and exporting again.You cant stop strong women!The Clinton campaign not only spied on President Trump they lied about it.President Biden wants to enter the U.S. into a new Iran nuclear deal without consent from Congress. It must be submitted to Congress as a treaty for proper advice and consent, which I have long advocated for in the Senate.Jake Sullivans involvement in the Russia collusion hoax is a clear conflict of interest, and he should not be allowed to speak on behalf of the U.S. as Russia-Ukraine tensions heighten.National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan must immediately resign or be fired for his role in the Russia hoax.Its time for @HillaryClinton to answer serious questions about her ties to the Russia hoax.Evidence is out that Hillary Clinton and her campaign allegedly paid tech companies to manufacture a false narrative that Donald Trump was linked with Russia.#GenocideGamesA sitting U.S. President lobbied Democrat Senators to vote against sanctioning Nord Stream II.In Tennessee, I have heard from countless veterans about their frustrations with how the VA is running the Community Care program.  This week, I introduced a bill with @SenTuberville to cut out the middle man and make it easier for veterans to see a doctor.The NBA has made a calculated choice to kowtow to the CCP and turn a blind eye to their genocide and oppression by firing @EnesFreedom.  I stand with Enes, who has bravely defended whats right no matter what.Its always a good week when @putnamsheriffTN @EddieFarrisTN and @FranklinCoTN Sheriff Tim Fuller come to town! We had a productive meeting about keeping TN communities safe and the importance of standing with our law enforcement officers. #BackTheBlueTennessee will be cheering on Tee Higgins in tonights #SuperBowl! #SuperBowlLVIFor everything there is a season, and a time for every matter under heaven. Ecclesiastes 3:1Biden is all talk and no action with Putin.#GenocideGamesWill Big Tech hide this story for misinformation? Or does that rule only apply to Republicans?Just weeks ago, President Biden lobbied Congress against sanctioning Russias Nord Stream II.  Now, Russia might invade Ukraine any day.Putin was watching closely when Joe Biden allowed the Taliban to take over Afghanistan.Nearly 1,000 troops have been discharged over Bidens vaccine mandate. How disrespectful to our men and women who have put their lives on the line for our country and freedoms.We have an uptick in adversaries now that Joe Biden is commander in chief.If Russia invades Ukraine, it will be because of Bidens weakness.Six months after President Bidens botched withdrawal from Afghanistan, Americans are still being taken hostage by the Taliban. President Biden must take full responsibility and get our people home safely.We must not allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon.Bidens so-called infrastructure is about to hurt taxpayers and the business community significantly.  Can we say, I told you so?If Joe Biden is telling the truth that our top military commanders lied under sworn testimony, Biden should immediately fire them. The American do not trust Biden he should resign.First, they attempted to implement illegal COVID vaccine mandates.  Now, they think they can bypass Congress, and make a deal that allows Iran to develop nuclear weapons.  Has the Biden administration read the Constitution lately?Biden is deploying Kamala Harris to Europe to help ease Russia-Ukraine tensions.  Right, because shes doing so well with our southern borderGlad Kamala Harris can find her way to Europe. She still cant show up at the border at the right address.New reports confirm the Biden administration was vastly unprepared to evacuate U.S. citizens and our allies from Afghanistan, despite having the advanced intel.  Accountability must happen starting with a public hearing.#GenocideGamesThe Biden admin wants your tax dollars to fund abortion on demand and vending machines filled with drug paraphernalia.I support the right of Canadian truckers to peacefully protest.Why is the U.S. paying for Russia to lie and cheat? Russian athletes are testing positive for banned drugs at the 2022 Olympics. If the World Anti-Doping Agency cant provide transparency on Russias drug scheme, we want our money back.Bidens #inflation just taxed every American.The Biden-Harris agenda has #inflation written all over it. Now, we have the highest levels of inflation since 1982.Government-funded drug paraphernalia is a slap in the face to the communities and first responders fighting against drugs flowing into our country from a wide-open southern border..@Gofundme is working with the liberal media and establishment to stop truckers protesting authoritarian vaccine mandates.BREAKING: The numbers just got worse for Joe Biden.  Inflation spiked 7.5% in January, reaching a 40-year high.CRT has no place in our schools, and security moms are back ready to stand up for their children. @EmmaJoNYCOur athletes deserved better than Communist China.A secure border is not up for discussion American lives are depending on it.We havent forgotten about TSA accepting arrest warrants as ID for illegal immigrants.  We havent forgotten about Bidens flights for illegals in the dead of night funded by taxpayer dollars.  The American people deserve answers.Democrats desire to ignore lawless behavior when it benefits their narrative plus their silence has empowered criminals on our southern border.The Chinese Communist Party is a reckless, inhumane, and irresponsible regime.  They should have never been given the world stage to host this years Olympic Games.U.S. taxpayer dollars should not be used to fund vending machines for crack pipes. We will not allow this administration to continue lying to the American people..@gofundme is using their platform to censor political protest.Lets be clear about one thing: FCC nominee Gigi Sohn is an activist for her friends on left, and she has been less than forthcoming to the American people about it.  Her inability to be impartial concerns me.#GenocideGamesThe U.S. trade deficit hit an all-time high last year, increasing by 27%. This is why its critical we stop our reliance on countries like Communist China and bring manufacturing back to the USA..@Gofundme is against protesting vaccine mandates but for burning down cities.Way to go! Fort Campbell has been the center of many great firsts for Army aviation. This is another historic first..@gofundme is censoring truckers for opposing vaccine mandates but pushing users to fund BLM which burned down cities.Its been over 7 months since Kamala Harris attempted to visit the southern border, but she went to the wrong address.  It is time for a do-over.End government-funded crack pipes.An illegal immigrant was arrested in Washington, DC for leaving swastikas just days after International Holocaust Remembrance Day. Washingtons liberal elites refuse to deport him. End sanctuary policies now.The Biden administration wants to use COVID relief funds to pay for drug paraphernalia.Correct. Yall are just funding the crack pipes.Bidens radical transformation of our country is just beginning.Our competitors are watching Biden back down to Putin and taking note.Biden is letting Russia spread its influence.Radical Los Angeles liberals are attempting to fire 4,000 law enforcement personnel for refusing to get vaccinated. RT to tell @LACountyBOS to protect essential workers..@SenatorHagerty and I are thrilled to welcome Tennesseans back to our nations capital for Tennessee Tuesday!Kamala Harris team reportedly wants her out on the road more as they attempt to reset her image. If she truly wants to reset and travel more, I recommend she start with a trip to the southern border.Biden stated there will be no Nord Stream II pipeline if Russia invades. But why did Joe allow his friends in Russia to build it in the first place?Dinigeer Yilamujiang, a 20-year-old Uyghur athlete competing in the Olympics, has vanished from the public eye after finishing 43rd in her race.  We are concerned for her whereabouts and demand answers from the Chinese Communist Party immediately.The Chinese Communist Party is using Peng Shuai as a puppet, and the International Olympic Committee is going along with it. Not only did a top CCP official sexually assault and disappear her, but now theyre forcing her to deny anything happened.While the Biden administration is busy filling vending machines with drug paraphernalia, Tennesseans want to see inflation halted, our southern border secured, and crime stopped.I cant believe I have to say this, but Bidens decision to fill vending machines with drug paraphernalia is really harmful and endorses illegal activity.Drug paraphernalia out of vending machines.  Thats Joe Bidens plan to address drug abuse.Appreciate our neighbors in Kentucky stepping up to lend a helping hand to restore power in Memphis. My office continues to monitor the situation closely, and we thank those working around the clock.Securing the southern border should not be optional.NBCs viewership for the opening ceremony was down 43 percent. Americans are standing up against Communist Chinas oppressive regime and the #GenocideGames.Do the American people a favor: stop legitimizing the Chinese Communist Party.It was a pleasure speaking with @AlvedaCKing last month on Unmuted, and she continues to share an important message for Black History Month here:Congratulations to Y-12 on a very successful 2021. Their continued investment in manufacturing and technological innovation serves Tennessee and the national security community well.Lets get this straight: @gofundme banned truck drivers from speaking out on mandates, but promoted and donated to BLM after they let violent riots set cities on fire.Apple and Google are protecting Beijing by banning people in China from downloading apps that would allow activists to circumvent the CCPs strict censorship.In honoring President Ronald Reagans birthday today, lets recommit to preserving liberty and ensuring our children and grandchildren have the opportunity to live out their version of the American dream.Since GoFundMe wants to exile Canadian truckers for protesting tyrannical mandates, will they also take BLM off their platform for the violence and destruction they have caused?Does the Biden administration think no one is watching as they allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons?On Scout Sunday, we recognize Scouts contributions to each and every one of their communities. Happy Scout Sunday to all of Tennessees Scouts!Whoever keeps his commandments abides in God, and God in him. And by this we know that he abides in us, by the Spirit whom he has given us. 1 John 3:24Corporate America has put sponsorships over condemnation of the CCPs crimes against humanity for far too long. Theyre going for the green!Putin and Xi are partners in crime.The BLM organization is a self-identified Marxist group that planned unlawful protests and burned our cities to the ground. Where was @gofundme then?Putin and Xi wont stop until we stand up to them.Two great future police officers. #BackTheBlueWhile youre in China Dr. Tedros, Director-General of the WHO why dont you start looking for the true origins of COVID-19.Transportation for illegal immigrants has cost American taxpayers at least $340 million in 9 months.Democrats reckless spending is shattering records in all the worst ways.This is reality. his is why the Beijing Olympics are not safe, and this is what the CCP is truly about.The International Olympic Committee has sidelined the safety of our athletes to appease Communist China and make a profit.Always great to hear from Tennessees chiefs of police.  Washington must get its priorities straight in order to protect our communities: fund our police and secure the southern border.China knows that walls work.Communist China is on the fast track to accomplish global domination, and their presentation at the Olympics is their next step.Putin and Xi have officially teamed up at the #GenocideGames bonding over their shared desire to shatter American freedom and democracy.I am closely monitoring the situation in TN, and my team has been in contact with @TVAnews. We are grateful for those working around the clock to restore power and keep people safe. Please stay vigilant as ice on trees, power lines, and roads could cause dangerous conditions.Join us as we pay our respects to Sgt. Chris Jenkins this afternoon for his service to our communities.Communist China is waiting to take advantage of the U.S. and our athletes at every turn.  Join me in praying for the safety of Team USA at the Olympics.Will @UN leadership be visiting Uyghur populations while theyre in Communist China? Or will they continue to ignore the genocide?Bidens DHS has lost count of how many illegal immigrants they have allowed into the U.S. who have failed to comply with routine reporting requirements.Russia and Ukraine are on the brink of war, and the Biden administration is spending their time firing unvaccinated soldiers.CNN is not journalism, its activism.Why did Nancy Pelosi stand by as BLM protesters set fire to cities but tell American athletes to stop protesting Chinas human rights violations?Really? Because weve all seen the videos of government funded flights shuttling illegal immigrants into the country *overnight*.Joe Biden wants to cover up the mess that he and Democrats made by defunding the police.  We have the receipts.The American people have figured out CNN isnt an honest broker. They have record low ratings, and the American people do not trust them.In China, it will help citizens circumvent Beijing's strict internet censorship. I thank @SenBlumenthal for his leadership and work on this effort.The passage of the Open App Markets Act out of the Senate Judiciary committee brings us one step closer to having this legislation signed into law. This bill will let people download appsdirectly from outside companies rather than being forced to go through official app stores.The Open App Markets Act will take power away from Big Tech and give it to the free market.Apple has prevented the creation of third-party app stores on iPhones, required that apps exclusively use their own expensive payment system, and penalized app developers for telling users about discounted offers. That is wrong, and why we must pass the Open App Markets Act.Apple and Google are protecting Communist China by banning people from downloading apps opposed by Beijing that would allow activists to circumvent Chinas strict censorship and internet firewall.  Pass the Open App Markets Act.Pass the Open App Markets Act to take power away from Apple and Google.Nearly 90 percent of developers believe there should be legislation like my Open App Markets Act that would ban anti-competitive behavior from app giants like Apple and Google in the app marketplace.Putin and Xi are meeting at the Beijing Olympics over shared security concerns. This axis of evil is growing because of Joe Bidens misplaced priorities.It's the height of hypocrisy and utterly disrespectful of Joe Biden to fire the brave men and women who have put their lives on the line to serve our country  all because they chose not to receive the COVID vaccine.Chuck Schumer couldn't organize a two-car funeral.Great to see Mayor @JsphGBtlr and so many wonderful friends in Carroll County last week.Twitter was peaceful for just a few hoursJoe Biden is seriously considering giving Russia access to key NATO bases. Joe Biden is threatening our national security.This National Girls and Women in Sports Day, lets remember that women should not be forced to compete against males, and its outrageous that our athletes are being told to keep their mouth shut when raising the concern.  @ctlnmcfallMiddle Tennessee: please stay vigilant and listen to your local weather officials as we see the potential for flooding and freezing rain.If @Presssec wants more censorship and less misinformation, they should start with @WhiteHouse @JoeBiden.Apple is lobbying against legislation that will crackdown on Communist China. Its time for leaders like Tim Cook to take a stand and put principle over money.Joe Biden did not just fail at withdrawing from Afghanistan he did not have a plan and lied to the American people about it.The radical, left-wing Squad spent over $325K on private security last year. Remember, its not defund the police, its only defund your police forces.Hunter and the rest of Biden Inc. have earned themselves a thorough, and independent investigation.I urge all Senators to join me and @SenTomCotton in boycotting the Chinese Communist Olympics in protest of their crimes against humanity.  Who will join us in standing up to the Chinese Communist Party?Praying for @SenatorLujans swift and complete recovery.The U.S. debt has reached over $30,000,000,000,000 for the first time in American history and under President Biden.The International Olympic Committee used to stand up for human rights, but today they decline to take a stand on the genocide in China.  Why?Not only has FCC nominee Gigi Sohn threatened to use the federal government to silence conservative outlets, but she's failed to be upfront about her business dealings.  Democrats are trying to push through a radical nominee who was dishonest about her conflicts of interest.Joe Biden is playing into Putins hands.Do we need any further proof of the lack of respect and ethics by the Biden administration for institutions and the people?Biden had an opportunity to stand up to Vladimir Putin. Instead, he backed down.It is time to appoint a special counsel to fully investigate Hunter Biden and Biden Inc.Dr. Fauci has been busy playing a world-class game of CYA instead of helping the U.S. uncover the true origins of COVID-19.The immigration system in our country is broken because of left-wing policies that allow illegal immigrants to break our nations laws..@JoeBiden, its not hard to figure out why illegal immigrants are entering the U.S.  If you listened to Border Patrol, you would know its your open border policies and promises of amnesty.2 million illegal immigrants crossed the southern border in 2021.  Where in the world is border czar Kamala Harris?Biden is using your tax dollars to shuttle illegal immigrants into your neighborhoods.Joe Biden is directly responsible for the crisis we are seeing at the southern border.Praying for the safety of our Team USA athletes in Beijing.Last week, five Syrian men were arrested by Border Patrol after they crossed illegally into the U.S.  Its time to secure our southern border and finish the wall.Our Border Patrol agents are overrun and overwhelmed by the unprecedented number of immigrants entering illegally. They need support and resources.Since Obamas unconstitutional DACA took effect, U.S. Border Patrol has apprehended nearly 6 million illegal immigrants from 165 countries not including the got-aways.Bidens Supreme Court nominee needs to be an experienced constitutionalist who will uphold the rule of law.Lets not forget who started mass illegal immigration into the U.S. President Obamas DACA program was unconstitutional and an abuse of executive authority.2021 was described as not only the worst border crisis but the worst twelve months for any president when it came to border security.Illegal immigrants are committing acts of violence against our first responders because Biden has done nothing to secure the border.  Pray for Cpl. Charles Galloways family and his fellow officers.Border Patrol agents are on the front lines every day dealing with the consequences of Bidens mistakes. Border Patrol agents are rightfully standing up, and this administration wants to silence them and protect Biden.App Store giants like Apple & Google are forcing startups to give them 30 percent of their profits. The Open App Markets Act would protect companies from Silicon Valley giants taking advantage of them.Whatever you do, work heartily, as for the Lord and not for men, knowing that from the Lord you will receive the inheritance as your reward. You are serving the Lord Christ. Colossians 3:23-24Joe Biden has not just ignored the border crisis; he has enabled it.In 2021, the Biden administration allowed more than 600,000 illegal immigrants to get across the border without detainment and those are just the ones that CBP saw on their monitors.Arrest warrants from illegal immigrants should be an immediate ticket out of the country.TSA allowing illegal immigrants to use arrest warrants as ID is a serious threat to our national security and it defeats the very purpose of arrest warrants.  This week, my colleagues and I sent a letter to Secretary Mayorkas demanding prompt answers.Last Decembers illegal border crossings were higher than December totals from 2020, 2019, and 2018 combined.Our southern border is being overrun by illegal immigrants. Your tax dollars are paying for it. This is Joe Bidens America.If youre tired of seeing Joe Biden treat illegal immigrants better than American citizens, follow me, and join us in the fight to stop Biden and the left from radically transforming our country.Putin was watching and taking notes when Biden proved his incompetence with his failed withdrawal from Afghanistan.  Now, Biden has allowed Putin into the drivers seat as he attempts to bring back the Soviet Union.Men still cant get pregnant.Your data belongs to you. We must no longer allow Big Tech to get away with profiting off sensitive information from millions of Americans. #DataPrivacyDayJoined @TennesseeCattle for their annual meeting. Our states farmers and ranchers work so diligently to provide for our families and contribute to the economy.  In Washington, Im fighting to ensure they have the resources they need to be successful.Great morning in La Vergne at @AjaxTurner.  As one of Tennessees leading beverage wholesalers, they are seeing the impact of inflation and shortages firsthand. We must stop the reckless spending in Washington and get people back to work.Fauci and his top minions started covering up the truth about COVID-19 before the pandemic even began in the U.S.Washington Democrats want to pack the court and silence Americans.Joe and Hunter Biden profited off of shady business deals with the Chinese Communist Party while Americans were put out of work from Bidens mandates.Deport illegals.Those who were fired due to Joe Bidens illegal vaccine mandate should be offered their jobs back and receive back pay courtesy of the federal government.Productive community meeting at Hargett Materials in Milan. I was glad to provide an update to them and Gibson County officials on the economic development in West Tennessee.Wonderful to meet with local Lake County officials in Tiptonville to discuss their expansion and development. Projects like @SinovaGlobals $150 million investment will be a significant economic boost for the region.I spoke with local leaders & @fema about the devastation in parts of Weakley, Obion, Gibson, Henry, & Henderson counties from recent storms. As they rebuild, we stand ready to provide resources. Tennesseans in need of assistance can visit @T_E_M_A for resource center locations.Met with @HendersonCoTN Mayor Eddie Bray to commend him for his work throughout the pandemic and recent storms.Always great to connect with community leaders in @dyercountytn. Tennesseans are fed up with Bidens socialist agenda they want to see less spending, low taxes, and more food on the grocery store shelves.Biden is abusing FEMA funds to put illegal immigrants in your backyard.More and more Democrats are being connected to Russian oligarchs and the CCP. Who else have they partnered with to make millions?On International Holocaust Remembrance Day, we are reminded of the brutal persecution & murder of more than 11 million innocent people, including 6 million Jews.  Every day, we must commit to fighting antisemitism wherever present & continue to protect & defend our ally, Israel.Allowing illegals with arrest warrants to board planes Funding travel for illegals in the U.S. The Biden administrations strategy for the border crisis makes zero sense.Lets make one thing clear: whoever is nominated to the Supreme Court must be an independent voice who upholds the constitution not a rubber stamp to President Biden.Taxpayer dollars are going directly toward shuttling illegal immigrants into your communities. #BidenBorderCrisisTV ALERT : Ill be joining @jesseprimetime on @FoxNews at 7:15 pm ET to discuss Justice Breyers retirement and the impact of President Biden nominating a new justice amid his record-low approval rating.Weve seen the video. Are the illegal immigrants coming into the country flying on commercial fights courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer? Is it first class?It is telling that the opportunity for President Biden to nominate a new justice will be right before an election when the President is already facing record-low approval ratings.If Joe Biden wasnt so occupied implementing unconstitutional mandates, he could have kept Russia in its place.FEMA should focus on assisting communities ravaged by storms, not shuttling illegal immigrants to communities across the nation.Education Secretary Cardonas direct involvement in the letter that bullied concerned parents and compared them to domestic terrorists is unacceptable. He should resign immediately.While Joe Biden is out getting ice cream, Putin is strategizing his plan to bring back the old Soviet Union.Russia and Ukraine are on the brink of war, and we have US troops on the ground.  What is Joe Biden doing?  Shopping and eating ice cream.Biden is allowing illegal immigrants to travel around the U.S. courtesy of the American taxpayer.  Every town is a border town, and every state is a border state.Why is FEMA providing funds to shuttle illegals across the country?Putin and Xi are laughing.Why did Joe Biden let Iran have $18 million and a say in the United Nations? The Iranian regime is run by terrorists.Kamala Harris could build a legacy for herself by building the wall and ending human trafficking at the southern border.  Lets do this for the women and girls being trafficked every day, @VP.Tomorrow, OSHA will withdraw Bidens unconstitutional vaccine mandate.  This is a huge victory for the American worker, and a reminder of how important the preservation of our liberties remain.Bidens administration is seen here admitting masses of migrants, then shuttling them to airports to be flown all across the country.  Biden doesnt want you to see this:Communist China loves Biden.Last week, Iran was the only member of the United Nations to vote against recognizing the Holocaust.  The next day, the Biden administration gave Iran access to $18 million to fully re-enter the UN.Investigate the Biden familys business dealings with Communist China.How fitting that Communist Chinas official mandatory app to monitor the health of Olympic athletes has been found to have major security flaws.  They will take advantage of every opportunity to obtain information and use it against the U.S.Your show isnt worth the time, but heres an article that is.Mr. President, your nasty remarks toward another member of the press corps are beneath the dignity of the office. As president, you owe Peter Doocy and the American people not only answers on inflation, but an apology for your out-of-line comments.Joe Biden is attacking a free and fair press. Looking forward to the outrage from @maddow and @JoyAnnReid. #DoocyDemocrats want you to have ID to enter restaurants, but not to vote. Why is that?As Russia and Ukraine are on the brink of war, its baffling that Joe Biden still cant provide a simple timeline for nominating an ambassador to Kyiv.Biden considered his withdrawal from Afghanistan a success. Is it any surprise hes allowed the situation with Russia to come this far?Its simple: Illegal immigrants with an arrest warrant should be arrested, not cleared to board a plane.Hi, @PressSec, Id like to circle back to these comments you made last week. Are foreign leaders still relieved that a respect for democracy is back? Or are they relieved weakness is back?My prayers are with Deputy Savanna Pucketts family and the Robertson County Sheriffs Office in the wake of this tragedy. Tennesseans are grateful for Deputy Pucketts service to her community.Communist China is watching Bidens weakness on Russia closely and just flew dozens of warplanes near Taiwan.  We must unequivocally stand with our partner, Taiwan, and send a clear message this aggression wont be tolerated.Just four days ago, Biden stood in front of the world and essentially gave Russia the green light to invade. Now, the State Department has ordered the families of US diplomats to evacuate Ukraine.The only flights that illegal immigrants with arrest warrants should be taking is a one-way out of this country.Americans will not stand for President Biden controlling our childrens ability to play sports or attend band practice.  Thats why I sent a letter to the @CDCDirector seeking answers on their updated guidance to halt in-person extra-curricular activities in K-12 schools.The Biden administration is full of elitists who think margaritas and kickboxing classes can solve the nations problems. Try telling that to the Americans struggling to afford goods at empty grocery stores.Praying for these 20 men and women of the @TNMilitaryDept as they deploy to Kuwait for a year. Tennessee thanks you for your service on behalf of our great state.Joe Biden has had the opportunity to take action on the crisis in Ukraine for months, and hes failed.The National School Boards Association may have coordinated directly with Bidens Secretary of Education in sending the letter that compared concerned parents to domestic terrorists.  This week, I joined @ChuckGrassley and 9 of my colleagues in demanding more answers.From the rising of the sun to its setting, the name of the Lord is to be praised! Psalm 113:3Bidens Justice Department will investigate parents concerned with Critical Race Theory, but do nothing about the illegal immigrants boarding planes with arrest warrants.What is Joe Bidens plan to stop Russia from invading Ukraine?In what world does TSA think its appropriate to allow illegal immigrants with arrest warrants to board U.S. planes?  Only in Joe Bidens America.Russia and Ukraine are on the brink of war and Joe Biden cant even decide who should be our ambassador in Kyiv.We must never let Democrats get their way and use federal tax dollars to fund abortion on demand.Matthew Heath has been wrongfully detained in Venezuela for 500 days. He should be immediately released and returned home to Tennessee.Why is TSA not reporting illegal immigrants with arrest warrants to proper authorities?Never let the left make you think it is a radical idea to stand up for life.Illegal immigrants with an arrest warrant should not be boarding planes, they should be arrested.Pro-women. Pro-science. Pro-life.Uphold the sanctity of life. #MarchForLifeToday and every day, we will continue the fight to protect the unborn because every life is precious. #MarchForLife #WhyWeMarchYesterday, I met with 85 high school students from Middle TN who are in Washington this week for the #MarchForLife. Its exciting to see so many young people actively involved in the fight to protect the unborn!Joe Bidens time in office has been spent breaking promise after promise.One year later, Joe Biden still doesnt know his left from right.Bidens first year in office has not served the American people well.This is extremely sexist and uncalled for. @JacquiHeinrich is a well-prepared, smart reporter, and Biden should apologize immediately.My prayers go out to Officer Corille Jones and his family during this difficult time. Tennesseans will forever be grateful for his service and contributions to our communities.He left shelves empty. He raised your grocery bill. He let schools close. He enabled rising crime. He fired you over your vaccination status. He opened our borders. He stranded our heroes in Afghanistan. One year in, Biden has made America worse off.One year later, Joe Biden has still failed to defeat COVID.One year of Joe Biden in office and the Taliban is in control of Afghanistan.Communist China is locking down freedom and silencing anyone who dares disagree with them in order to showcase their hosting of the Olympic Games.President Biden put up a yall come sign at the border when he took office. One year later, were witnessing illegal immigration in numbers unseen before.Trust me, the name isnt the problem with Bidens socialist takeover.Americans are seeing the highest priced consumer goods in 39 years because of Joe Bidens policies.Joe Biden says hes outperformed expectations, and I agree with him. One year in, the border crisis is worse than ever, inflation is skyrocketing, and he has broken just about every promise hes made.Joe Bidens blatant downplaying of Russian aggression in Ukraine is an invitation for Putin to invade.One year of Joe Biden. One year of broken promises.The first year of the Biden administration was a complete failure.Tonight, Chuck Schumer and Joe Biden led the left in an attempt to blow up the Senate rules to federalize elections. They want to silence Americans and ban voter ID.  States - not radicals in Washington - must remainin control of our elections.Biden and Senate Democrats want to pass a bill that would federalize elections, strip away protections for the ballot box, and inject uncertainty into the voting process and theyre willing to blow up Senate rules to do so.What is Chuck Schumers true motive behind his desperate attempts to federalize our elections?Well, that didnt take long.Bidens climate agenda is a recipe for economic disaster.Biden is giving Putin the green light to invade Ukraine.Putin and Xi are watching Bidens press conference and laughing.Americans were left stranded in Afghanistan because of Joe Biden we havent forgotten.Elections are meant to be controlled by individual states, not the federal government.President Biden has allowed Russia to become a threat.Biden promised to shut down the virus. The virus is not shut down, our childrens schools are.Bidens socialist agenda does not have majority support from his own party, let alone the American people.Pre-selected reporters, pre-selected questions, and pre-determined answers. Joe Biden is a puppet.Joe Biden ran on promises he couldnt keep.TSA is accepting arrest warrants from illegal immigrants instead of photo ID.  What about we arrest them instead.Not only has the Biden administration halted all border wall construction, but leftover materials could now be sold for scraps. Is the federal government allowing the cartels to buy the border wall?Happy birthday to a true Tennessee treasure! @dollypartonThe southern border is overrun because Joe Biden refused to take action.Voter ID is critical to ensuring secure elections.Absolutely not.Fauci would love nothing more than a forever pandemic.The Democrats version of voting rights makes it easier to cheat and harder to vote.Less made in China, more made in America.Rather than getting children back in school, the Biden administration is focused on pushing CRT, kowtowing to teachers unions and banning children from playing sports.Heading back to DC, where Chuck Schumer is once again attempting to federalize our elections and ban voter ID.The Chinese Communist Party does not share our love of creative American entertainment. The CCP wants any and all creative freedom stopped.  What the CCP needs is a good dose of country music.You can please the Chinese Communist Party all you want, but at the end of the day, they only care about expanding their influence and evil regime.Grocery store shelves are empty because of Joe Bidens supply chain crisis.Dont let the left fool you. Voting rights is code for banning voter ID, making it easier to cheat, and putting the federal government in charge of elections.Did the teachers unions tell the CDC to cancel sports in schools?Ignoring the science once again, the CDC now recommends schools should cancel sports and extracurricular activities due to COVID.What great insight, @jrpsaki. Now tell me, what is Biden doing to get schools open and children back in the classroom?The Taliban wants help gaining international recognition, and guess who theyre turning to? Communist China a regime performing genocide against the Muslim Uyghurs.I, along with many other Americans, care about the Uyghur genocide happening in Communist China.  Does Adam Silver?The NBA and Adam Silver must condemn comments made by Chamath Palihapitiya that nobody cares about whats happening to the Uyghurs. Failure to do so shows complicity for Communist China and their crimes against humanity.Children cant afford another year of disruptions because teachers unions want to keep our schools closed. They learn best in the classroom. Period.Sickening. More proof the NBA will cozy up to Communist China at all costs, rather than take a stand against Xis human rights abuses and targeting of the Muslim Uyghurs.Honored to speak with civil rights leader @AlvedaCKing about the life and legacy of her uncle, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. #MLKDayAs we honor the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. today, we are reminded of the enormous impact he left on our nation. His vision to create a better tomorrow continues to teach and inspire us. #MLKDayThere is no end to Bidens mandates.The recent events that occurred in Texas are horrifying and disturbing. Whats also disturbing is the FBIs decision to disregard anti-Semitic behavior from the hostage-taker. The FBI is failing Jewish Americans and needs to reevaluate their statement immediately.Democrats want to blow up Senate rules and strip the American people of their voice in order to pass a socialist agenda.Know therefore that the Lord your God is God, the faithful God who keeps covenant and steadfast love with those who love him and keep his commandments, to a thousand generations. Deuteronomy 7:9I am praying for a peaceful resolution to the ongoing situation at a Texas synagogue. We stand with our Jewish friends during this difficult time.We are so thankful for our @TNMilitaryDept servicemembers and all that they devote to each mission. Praying for success and safety as they deploy to Africa.Joe Biden and the Democrats want a forever pandemic, full of lockdowns, mandates, and restrictions.Critical race theory has no place in our schools.  We should be bringing folks together, and students should be taught to be independent thinkers.Democrats failed to sanction Russia last night.Biden and the Democrats want to radically transform our country with an agenda the American people have repeatedly rejected.Communist China will try to use every tool at its disposal, especially technology, to take advantage of American athletes.What happens when you don't hold a rogue regime accountable? More bad behavior.  Russia is taking advantage of the Democrats weak leadership.According to news reports, Russia is attempting to justify another invasion of Ukraine.Last night, the Democrats showed the world they do not view Russia as a threat. Now, Russia just launched a massive cyber attack against Ukraine and may be preparing to invade them again.During my tele-town hall with Tennesseans this week, 93% said inflation adversely affects their family budget. Inflation is a tax on every American, and Joe Biden is ignoring the problem.COVID vaccine mandates are illegal.Thank you, @SenTedCruz, for leading this effort to hold Russia accountable. It's sad that Democrats refuse to impose sanctions on them for the pipeline.Russia is taking advantage of Biden and the Democrats weakness. By failing to sanction the Nord Stream II pipeline, they've emboldened Putin to taunt the US.The highest court in the nation made it clear: Bidens vaccine mandates are unlawful.Putin is weaponizing energy in Europe, and Democrats are just letting it happen by not sanctioning the Nord Stream II pipeline.The Supreme Courts ruling blocking OSHAs COVID vaccine mandate is a huge win for freedom.Lets call it like it is. The Democrats so-called voting rights bill will eliminate the one person, one vote rule.Americans are seeing record-high inflation, and the Biden White House is focused on banning voter ID.Joe Biden has failed on his pledge to defeat the virus.The Biden administration is lobbying Democrat Senators against sanctioning Russia for the Nord Stream II pipeline. Why does Biden love Russia?Another tele-town hall with Tennesseans is in the books. Tonight, I heard from many constituents in East TN concerned with the Biden administrations disastrous agenda  from inflation to mandates and everything in between.Senate Democrats do not want you to have a voice. #ProtectYourVoiceDemocrats want to undermine the Senates legislative process and silence millions of Americans in order to pass their socialist wish list.Joe Biden wants to steal more money from hardworking Americans to pay for his radical agenda.Twitter is helping cover up Faucis role in the pandemic.Liberal logic: you need a photo ID to buy milk but not to vote.JUST IN: Another bad report for Biden In 2021, inflation was the highest its been in nearly four decades.Americans should have the freedom to choose whether or not to get the vaccine not be forced to because their job is in jeopardy.  This is absurd.Joe Bidens Education Secretary Miguel Cardona reportedly requested the National School Board Association write a letter comparing parents to domestic terrorists.Masks have not worked to stop the spread.Anthony Fauci is an unelected bureaucratic hot head who has become consumed with power.It should be easier to vote and harder to cheat not the other way around.Democrats want the federal government in charge, not your friends and neighbors in your community. They do not trust them.Why does the White House think American individuals need 96 tests per year? This is what you call total government control.Fire Fauci.Get the kids back in school or give the money back.Biden doesnt want Americans to know just how bad the border crisis has become under his leadership.Dear @CDCDirector, Masks have not and will not make COVID go away.No more masks.The Biden administration is lobbying Senators against sanctioning Russia for the Nord Stream II pipeline and is willing to pull US military assets from Poland. What does Russia have on Biden and his family?Inflation is another tax on the middle class courtesy of Joe Biden.The Biden administration stated they would pull U.S. military assets from Poland before talks with Russia even began.Joe Biden must be tough on Russia.Our children belong in the classroom.The over $2B Chicago Public Schools received to help get students back in the classroom should go toward exactly that, and nothing else.  If they would rather shut down in-person learning, they should give that money back.The Biden administration is willing to pull out U.S. military assets from Poland to appease the Kremlin. Joe Biden is weak, and Russia knows it.Today and every day, I am thankful for our law enforcement officers and their unwavering dedication to keeping our communities safe. #BackTheBlueTaxpayer dollars should not be used to fund a woke social justice agenda.  Good to hear this plan by the University of Memphis is no longer happening.Whoever pursues righteousness and kindness will find life, righteousness, and honor. Proverbs 21:21Chicago received $2B in COVID relief to get children back in the classroom. If they cant get it done, they should pay every penny back.Great discussion with my Senate colleagues on an all-women panel at #CES2022 @SenatorCantwell @SenJackyRosen @SenatorCollins @SenCapitoAfter the 2008 Summer Games, the human rights conditions in China worsened. This week, the US Olympic Committee dismissed these concerns. Without condemnation, it is all but assured the 2022 Beijing Olympics will be the same. @SenTomCotton @ctlnmcfallMet with @Samsung North American President and CEO KS Choi at #CES2022About to join a panel with my Senate colleagues @SenatorCantwell, @SenJackyRosen, @SenatorCollins, and @SenCapito at @CES to talk about my legislative priorities for technology in 2022 including keeping young users safe online. #CES2022Great start to #CES2022 speaking with @AbbottNews about health innovation and their work in Knoxville.Good morning from #CES2022! Wonderful to be in Las Vegas with my Senate colleagues and so many leaders in the tech industry for engaging discussions about how we can address challenges and continue to innovate.The SCOTUS arguments today on Bidens COVID vaccine mandates are critical to our nations freedom. Americans should never be forced to choose between their job and the shot.The Biden Medicaid policies will result in less flexibility for states like TN to care for the most vulnerable populations. Thats why Ive introduced legislation with my Senate colleagues that put more decisions in the hands of the states.The global supply chain crisis resulting from our dependence on China underscored the importance of strengthening U.S. manufacturing. My legislation with @SenGaryPeters will streamline programs run by @CommerceGov to eliminate government waste & improve efficiency.Children belong in their classrooms with their teachers.We can no longer standby and let the Chinese Communist Party get away with their use of slave labor and Uyghur concentration camps.Great news for Greene County! $6M will be invested into the community with up to 160 new manufacturing jobs. Tennessee is open for business!Children learn best in a classroom, but yet the Chicago teachers union just voted in favor of children returning to remote learning. The left is once again closing your schools and putting your childs wellbeing at risk.We are so appreciative to the @ChattFireDept and all who answer the call to serve each and every day.Kamala Harris will tell you America is moving, but she couldnt move herself to the southern border to see the illegal migration crisis unfold. America is not moving under the Biden-Harris administration.Instead of getting children back into school, Joe Biden has let teachers unions lock children out of their classrooms.Joe and Kamala are sponsoring lockdowns that put American families out of work.The Biden-Harris administration has thrown America into a standstill.Taiwan is under threat from the Chinese Communist Party. We must stand with our ally and send a message to the world that the CCPs acts of violence will not be tolerated.Hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable.Illegal immigration is endangering American families.Big tech wants to profit at the expense of your children.Today, I led @SenatorHagerty @repjimcooper @RepDavidKustoff @RepMarkGreen @RepJohnRose @RepCohen @RepHarshbarger @RepTimBurchett @RepChuck & @DesJarlaisTN04 in urging @POTUS to swiftly approve @GovBillLees request for a major disaster declaration following the Dec 10-11 storms.Communist China is using the full force of its regime to target companies that are standing against Uyghur slave labor. More companies should stand up against these human rights violations.Chuck Schumer wants to abolish Senate rules to push through an agenda that the American people have repeatedly rejected.The Chinese Communist Party owes us answers on the origins of COVID.Facebook has permanently locked the account of a publisher that published books on Justice Barrett and President Reagan.  They want to erase conservative ideas and control your speech.As members of the new axis of evil, Communist China and Russias increasing partnership against the U.S. should be a wake-up call for the Biden administration.  More strategic patience will do nothing to bolster our national security.Why has Joe Biden chosen to do nothing to solve the rise in illegal immigration?.@GordonGChang is spot on. The Chinese Communist Party will stop at nothing for global domination.  Its time for Joe Biden to treat them like the adversary they are, and hold them to account.Joe Biden is responsible for the increase in illegal immigration into the United States.For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. Jeremiah 29:11Big Tech companies have exploited our children for far too long.  That has to change.When will Biden put American families before illegal immigrants?Wishing you a very happy and healthy 2022!Americans do not need big government dictating their vacation plans.Bidens agenda has been good for illegal immigrants and bad for American families.Its been an honor to serve you in the U.S. Senate this year. Heres to another great year!2021 report is in: the Biden Border crisis is even worse than the numbers show.This year, Republicans & Democrats came together in our opposition to Big Tech. These executives have continued to put profit above keeping our kids & teens safe online. Read more about my work to hold them to account here.Democracy everywhere is at risk when the Chinese Communist Party wins.TN is home to some of the finest military men and women in our Armed Services. This year, I continued my work to support them and their families through the national defense bill, and my bipartisan Senate-passed Congressional Gold Star Family Fellowship Program.Biden must hold Communist China accountable for the origins of COVID-19.In his first year in office, Joe Biden has broken all the wrong records:  21-year high illegal immigration  39-year high inflation 12 major U.S. cities hit all-time homicide recordsMay God bless our veterans in Tennessee and across the nation for their selflessness in defending our freedom.  In 2021, I worked to ensure our veterans have access to personalized care for their physical health and economic wellbeing.Joe Bidens COVID vaccine mandates have resulted in a health care worker crisis.Fauci is an unelected bureaucrat that has no accountability to the American people, but Joe Biden has given him the authority to make decisions that affect the entire nation.Americans do not want to be subject to government mandated lockdowns, and the data shows it.  States like Tennessee will always protect and preserve your freedoms.Stay safe out there today, Tennessee.  Please remain vigilant and listen to local authorities as they update us on potential weather threats.A pro-democracy news outlet in Hong Kong has been shut down after police raided and arrested members from the organization. We must stand with democracy, Hong-Kong, and those in the fight to preserve freedoms from the Chinese Communist Party.If Biden truly believed each state should address COVID independently, he would end federal vaccine and mask mandates.Joe Biden promised to shut down the virus. We are still waiting$1.9 trillion COVID relief $1.2 trillion infrastructure $1.75 trillion proposed Build Back Broke Biden spent his first year in office spending TRILLIONS at the expense of hardworking Americans & has no plans to slow down next yearall for his socialist wish list.Joe Biden once told governors to get out of the way. Now, hes making them responsible for a problem he couldnt fix.Now more than ever, access to quality health care is critical.  In 2021, I kept my focus on ensuring all Tennesseans have the resources they need to stay healthy, and I opposed Bidens unconstitutional COVID vaccine mandates.Fauci has put the discussion of a vaccine mandate for domestic flights on the table. Fauci is an unelected bureaucrat who does not get to make these decisions for us.Chicago teachers unions are beginning to poll their members and push for your children to return to remote learning despite the numerous studies showing its detrimental effects.During the holidays, I encourage parents to help ensure the safety of their children online by remaining vigilant about who their child is giving personal information to, turning on privacy settings, and having conversations about the dangers of social media. @NextRevFNCBidens only plan was to blame Trump.Joe Biden failed to deliver on his promise to end the pandemic; now hes giving up.The Wuhan Lab is the last place you should take advice from on avoiding lab leaks.After months of abusing federal power, President Biden is shifting the blame and responsibility for COVID once again.Democrats sponsored this wave of crime with their defund the police charades. We must fully fund the police.Never back down to Communist China. Never apologize for calling out their use of slave labor.This year, we worked hard to hold Big Tech accountable AND close the digital divide in TN. As the world quickly demands more online interactions and a faster internet connection, tech will remain a large part of my focus in 2022.Kamala should come to Tennessee and listen to small businesses and manufacturers about how the supply chain and inflation are impacting them.  She can also speak with local elected officials and law enforcement about how the open southern border is endangering our communities.Tennessees no state income tax, no state property tax, and fiscally conservative policies make our state a great place to do business.  Come on down to Tennessee in the new year wed love to have you!Build the wall to help keep every American family safe.30 years ago today, the world was relieved of the Soviet Union and its brutal, communist regime. Let this serve as a reminder that communism and its suppression of liberty will never prevail.Thinking of our brave men and women in uniform that have been unable to spend the holidays with their families.  We are forever indebted to you for your service.Thanks be to God for his inexpressible gift! 2 Corinthians 9:15Thank you to our police officers for their selfless service.  @MNPDNashville delivered Christmas gifts to 391 families!The impact on many businesses has been extensive but we continue to stand with them as they rebuild. God bless our brave police officers who responded swiftly that day.  We are #NashvilleStrong.For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord. And this will be a sign for you: you will find a baby wrapped in swaddling cloths and lying in a manger. Luke 2:11-12Santa Claus Is Comin' to TownThank you to our brave men and women @TennesseeGuard for another year of selfless sacrifice bravely serving Tennesseans at home and abroad. @TNMilitaryDeptGod bless Tennessee.The work being done at @ORNL and @y12nsc are critical to our nations security, which is why I pushed to prioritize their research and development in this years national defense bill.This is what the White House has been busy working on instead of resolving the supply chain crisis.Anthony Fauci wants you barred from family gatherings if you chose not to receive the vaccine. Oh please. Most of the American people have a Ph.D. in common sense. They know how to protect themselves.Merry Christmas from my family to yours! May this season be filled with joy and blessings as we celebrate the birth of our Savior.Joe Biden ushered in record-high numbers of illegal immigrants while he used mandates to put you out of work.The American people have had enough of Bidens socialist Build Back Broke agenda.  Theyre ready to move on to addressing inflation, illegal immigration, and crime in the streets. @seanhannity @jasoninthehouseOver 1 million illegal immigrants have been apprehended in Texas alone since Joe Biden took office a nearly 375% increase.  Let that sink in. #BuildTheWallIn this years NDAA, it was a priority to make certain our Fort Campbell servicemembers and families are supported. I worked to secure grant opportunities for public-private partnerships to help servicemembers transition to civilian life.The nation faces an unprecedented crisis with fentanyl overdoses. China is a primary source of production for this product, making it more important than ever to take on the Chinese Communist Party and save American lives.What is Biden doing to protect Americans?Retweet and follow if youre a part of the effort to stop Joe Bidens unconstitutional COVID vaccine mandates. Lets show them Americans wont stand for this.Check out a few holiday tunes I am enjoying this season to get into the Christmas spirit. Wishing everyone a very merry Christmas!This is why its so important to secure the borderThis administrations dismissal of the role that the Chinese Communist Party played in the spread of COVID is atrocious.Walls work.More government control over the American people is not the answer.What is Joe Biden doing to hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable?In this years national defense bill, I championed the continuation of my pilot program that will allow TNs active-duty military spouses to transfer their professional licenses across state lines. This will support the large military community across TN.You cant make this up.  Biden is saying hes not supposed to be having this press conference.I fear Peng Shuai is not in safe hands. The CCP is a corrupt and evil government that cannot be trusted, and a full investigation is needed into the matter.Biden promised unity. Instead, hes divided Americans on the premise of a personal medical decision.It is irresponsible to let the CCP get away with covering up the origins of COVID, and Biden is letting them do it.The Christmas season is a special time of year for the Blackburn family.  Check out a few holiday traditions we enjoy in our household including my recipe for toffee crunch. @maurmack @FoxNewsDo not let the left push a microchip on you. This is the world Democrats and Communist China want you to live in.Twitters right, illegal aliens killing innocent Americans is intense.The drug cartels flooding across our southern border and putting our children in grave danger must be stopped. Close the border. Build the wall.The Build Back Broke agenda was not for Americans; it was for radical leftists who wanted a government takeover.Americans will reject a socialist agenda every time.As deaths from Fentanyl overdoses soar, the decision is up to President Biden whether he will secure the southern border and stop the trafficking of drugs.The Biden administration will kick you to the curb if you make the personal decision not to receive the COVID vaccine.Biden wants more government control over every aspect of your life right down to the water pressure of your shower.What happened to follow the science?Now that the Build Back Broke agenda is out of the picture, President Biden should have much more time to address inflation and build the wall.Johnny Isakson was a true statesman, great American, and a dear friend. He served Georgia and the entire nation dutifully in the U.S. Senate, with a drive to leave things better than he found them. Chuck and I are keeping the Isakson family in our prayers during this time.In this the love of God was made manifest among us, that God sent his only Son into the world, so that we might live through him. 1 John 4:9Is Joe Biden covering up the origins of COVID?Part of the job is anticipating the unexpected. Joe and Kamala ran on false promises they knew they couldnt keep, and now their incompetence is showing.Biden wants you taxed and vaxxed no exceptions.Biden will shut down your childs school before he shuts down the southern border.Tennessee is filled with churches singing hallelujah to Christ the King. I invite you and your family to join us in celebrating the birth of our Savior this Christmas season. @RepSwalwellJoe Bidens administration is implementing permanent abortion on demand. We must push back and protect the sanctity of life.Joe Biden kept your childrens schools closed longer because teachers unions told him to.Joe Biden and the Democrats are the architects of their own destructive agenda.  They have put their power over the needs of the American people.The American people do not want to be locked down by Joe Biden or Anthony Fauci.We have to eliminate the propaganda from the CCP on every college campus in America.  End Confucius Institutes and protect the classroom.Despite numerous power-driven attempts by the Democrats, the rules are clear you cant shove amnesty for all illegal immigrants into a budget bill.Ill be celebrating Christmas with my family and well sing hallelujah whether Anthony Fauci likes it or not.Crime is on the rise, and the White House is silent.Thank you, Texas, for securing our southern border since Joe Biden is committed to keeping it wide open. @GovAbbottAfter months of stonewalling, the State Department finally admitted that over 60,000 Afghan interpreters and allies are still stranded in Afghanistan.Defunding the police was a cruel and terrible idea.  Businesses across the nation are facing repercussions for the lefts decision to play politics and rid people of their security.Biden needs to condemn any organization that has or continues to call for defunding our police forces.Retweet if you think looters and violent criminals are a greater threat than those protesting vaccine mandates.Crime and theft is on the rise and all Biden can do is find new ways to mandate a vaccine on innocent civilians.We know know the left loves back room deals. Is this an effort by the Biden administration and ACLU to collude and pay illegals even more?The left not only wants to mandate vaccines, they want to use their power to punish and censor you for disagreeing with them. I refuse to let them get away with it.Joe Biden is flying previously deported illegal immigrants back into the United States. You cant make this up.The left has spent more time making it harder for Americans to eat inside an Applebees than they have making sure immigrants cant cross our southern border illegally.Thats a wrap! During this years 95 County Tour, I enjoyed meeting with local leaders and families from every county across the state to talk about the issues that matter most, and how we can work together to make our communities even stronger.Bidens tax hikes hit everyone.Multiple people in New York were arrested this week for protesting vaccine mandates. In Joe Bidens America, looters and violent criminals walk free while Americans standing up for their liberties are censored and punished.While Iranian-backed militias are attacking US troops, Joe Biden is negotiating to allow the regime to develop nuclear weapons. You cant make this up.PRAY for AmericaJoe Biden will do more to please Xi Jinping than you and the American people.The items you need are in short supply because Joe Biden has done little to secure our supply chains and bring them back home.RETWEET if youre standing against COVID vaccine mandates.Chinese tech giant, Huawei, marketed state surveillance products to the CCP for their detention camps in Xinjiang.  This corporations spyware should have no place in the American market.Under Bidens #BuildBackBroke agenda, hardworking American families will face a minimum $13,000 annual surcharge for each child. Its outrageous.More virtue signaling from the Biden White House they canceled their Christmas party because of Omicron but are now holding a Holiday Open House.Joe Bidens time in office has been spent stripping your freedoms.The passage of this years national defense bill bolsters our security, ensures our nations defenders can effectively confront adversaries like Communist China and Russia, and directly benefits Tennessees military and research communities. #NDAATune in! @Varneyco @FoxBusinessJoe Bidens administration has admitted Americans are still stranded in Afghanistan. Biden has abandoned Americans for over 100 days and counting.We wouldnt have to worry so much about illegal migration and caravans if Joe Biden finished building the wall.They modeled Karen on Elizabeth.If Hillary Clinton thinks Russia is so much of a threat as she did in 2016, she should condemn Joe Biden for his weakness on Putin.Jen Psaki is willing to blame everyone but Biden for the problems that were created under his administration.Tennesseans cannot afford the lefts endless spending spree. Today, I introduced the Stop The Inflationary Spending Spree Act to force Democrats to work on bipartisan solutions instead of forcing through increased spending that will hurt our economy.Today Istood up against the left's never ending spending spree and voted against raising the debt ceiling by 2.5 trillion dollars. Our nation should not be buried further in debt because Democrats refuse to put an end to their disastrous economic policies.I refuse to let Joe Biden abuse his power to mandate a personal medical decision. Follow and retweet this if youll join me in this fight.Democrats love lockdowns.BREAKING Wholesale prices are up 9.6% compared to last November the highest increase to date. #BuildBackBrokeBidens agenda makes Americans pay more for childcare.Stop the caravan, build the wall.I appreciate @POTUS' swift approval of @GovBillLee's request for an emergency declaration following last weekend's tornadoes. This will provide the 9 affected TN counties with much needed support as they recover. @SenatorHagerty @repjimcooper @RepDavidKustoff @RepMarkGreenBidens White House censored Taiwan at its Democracy Summit to appease President Xi Jinping.Mr. Chen, in the spirit of Christmas, I invite you to join me in celebrating the joy religious liberty brings to one and all. #FreeTheUyghursAre you and the rest of the CCP working to make me go missing as well? #PengShuaiAfter the loss of life & livelihood during the storms, Tennesseans need support now. I led @SenatorHagerty @RepDavidKustoff @RepMarkGreen & @repjimcooper on a letter urging @POTUS to approve the @GovBillLees emergency declaration to get resources to our communities.Bidens radical agenda will add $3 trillion to the national debt. Thats a fact, and Joe Biden and Jen Psaki are lying to you.Jen Psaki is continuing to spread lies and misinformation from the podium. The White House is now calling the CBOs non-partisan price analysis of Bidens radical agenda fake:Walls work. Why else would Biden build one around his beach house?The Biden family has a lengthy history tied to Russian oligarchs. Is this why Joe is playing nice with Putin?We have a moral obligation to hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for their crimes against humanity.First responders are needed more than ever, but Biden wants to force mandates that would deprive Americans of critical care.Border security is not a priority for the Biden administration.Russia thrives under Bidens foreign policy agenda.Every Americans security is at stake with a southern border that is not secured.All the more reason the Biden administration must release data on natural and herd immunity. @MartyMakary @GeBaiDCHeres a new one. The Biden administration is now blaming the media for Joes low approval.  Point fingers all you want, but you cant distract from a failing socialist agenda, @JoeBiden.A 9-year old boy became Santa for a day and raised money for a sleigh bag full of toys. What a thoughtful idea to spread holiday cheer at his local childrens hospital!May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope. Romans 15:13Thank you to our first responders, the @TNMilitaryDept, and @T_E_M_A who are working tirelessly throughout the aftermath of last nights storm.To those devastated by last nights deadly tornadoes we stand with you and are continuing to pray for you.  Please continue to be vigilant and follow the guidance of your local leaders and emergency personnel. Tennesseans can go to @T_E_M_A for more safety information.The loss of life and livelihood resulting from the tornadoes last night is heartbreaking. We are praying for our friends in West & Middle Tennessee and across the entire Mid South region.Stay safe, Tennessee.This #HumanRightsDay, lets remember that the Chinese Communist Party is practicing a modern day genocide against Uyghur populations.Bidens Build Back Broke agenda isnt even close to being free we know it will add $3 trillion to our federal deficit and cost nearly $5 trillion. We simply cannot afford this reckless spending.Americans are facing the highest inflation rates since 1982 because of Joe Bidens radical agenda.Inflation hit a 39-year high while Joe Biden is attempting to force his build back broke agenda onto the American people.What a fun start to the morning at Pancake Pantrys new location with @SenatorHagerty, @LawrenceBJones3, and some great Tennesseans! @foxandfriendsThe numbers are in.  President Bidens Build Back Broke agenda will increase the U.S. deficit by $3 trillion.This is Joe Bidens Christmas gift to you.Joe Biden has fulfilled more of Putins orders than the needs of the American people.Inflation, crime in the streets, and illegal immigration are through the roof under Joe Biden and American families are suffering the consequences.  @foxandfriends @SenatorHagerty @LawrenceBJones3Joe Biden has lost control of the southern border.Big tech must be held accountable.Why does the American mainstream media let the Chinese Communist Party get away with genocide?Where all are the Russiagate conspirators now that Biden is giving Putin pipelines and reportedly Ukrainian land?Joe Biden used to talk all tough on Russia when he wasnt in charge. Now that he has to face Putin himself, hes giving up.Biden is failing to provide cities the federal resources needed to combat rapidly increasing rates of crime. When will he stand up for the rule of law?Tennesseans do not want to see our nations debt increase for a socialist agenda.Democrats dont think we have a debt crisis, they think we can just print more money.The Biden administration clearly hopes that a diplomatic boycott at the Olympics will be enough to put Beijing on notice. It wont we need a complete and total boycott.  Read my latest op-ed in @FoxNews:Joe Biden thinks record high gas prices that happened under his administration is just Americans paying their fair share.This years #NDAA will prevent U.S. dollars from funding reckless and immoral experiments conducted in Communist Chinas Wuhan lab.  Its never been more important to get this passed.Bidens forced vaccination plans show his willingness to appease the radical left at any price.The BLM organization is a violent Marxist group that has scammed thousands while their organizers profited.The Biden White House is holding secret talks with big media companies instructing them to stop covering Joe Bidens supply chain crisis.Bidens agenda will build the Chinese Communist Party back and leave the U.S. broke.Big Tech companies have consumed too much power, and they are going to use it to censor you.They have no intention to stop targeting children.Instagram continues to put profit over your childs well-being, and their hollow updates to their platform shows they are not ready to take safety seriously.It's time to pass a national consumer privacy bill, and kids-specific legislation to keep minors safe online.Yesterday, at 3:00am which is midnight in Silicon Valley Instagram released a list of product updates they claim will raise the standard for protecting teens and supporting parents online.  Where Im from, thats when you drop news that you dont want people to see.Tennesseans are frustrated by the lack of meaningful change on the part of Big Tech to keep young users safe.These half-measures are not enough. Instagram must create tangible solutions to improve safety and data security. @SenBlumenthalInstagrams dead-of-night product announcement was all for show. Its time for them to take substantive action to keep teens and users safe.If Joe Biden packs the Supreme Court, the left will use it to rubber stamp their agenda starting with the illegal vaccine mandates.Boycott the Communist Chinese Olympics.Democrats are attempting to pass a bill that includes a blank check written to the federal government and signed by you.113 unvaccinated first responders were just suspended without pay right before Christmas time. Vaccine mandates are immoral.Biden showed his weakness to Putin when he encouraged the Russians to build their Nord Stream 2 pipeline as he cut off U.S. oil supplies.Team USA should not attend the Olympic Games under the watch of Communist China. Its simply unsafe.American media outlets werent allowed to watch Bidens phone call with Putin until the White House caught flack for it. Meanwhile, Russian news outlets were always welcomed in. What didnt Biden want us to see?Joe Biden should have never waived sanctions on Russias Nord Stream II pipeline. His weak foreign policy agenda shows his disregard for putting the American people and our allies first.While @AOC benefits from private security, she continues to downplay the dangers that defunding their police has posed for cities.What is Joe Biden doing to counter influence from the Chinese Communist Party?President Biden must send a strong signal to Putin, Xi, and other brutal strongmen around the world that the United States will not condone violent takeovers of nations.Diplomacy without action is weak and Vladimir Putin only understands strength. Allowing him to execute a land grab in Ukraine would be a humanitarian disaster in Europe and embolden other malign entities such as the Chinese Communist Party.Today, we pause to honor the men and women who lost their lives 80 years ago in the attack at Pearl Harbor.  May we always be reminded of their selfless sacrifice and commitment to our cherished freedoms..@JoeBiden Its hard to boycott the Olympics when youve already reportedly been uninvited.There is photographic evidence of Joe Biden attending Hunters business deals, and the White House refuses to provide transparency on how close the Biden family and CCP are intertwined.Its time to have education dollars follow the student and give parents control of their childrens education again.There is a deep rooted problem within our bureaucracy that has allowed the Chinese Communist Party to infiltrate U.S. agencies time and time again.Eliminating influence from the Chinese Communist Party should be one of the top priorities right now.Democrats are willing to put their agenda over the rule of law.Joe Bidens agenda has raised the cost of just about every good Tennesseans rely on.The Trump tax cuts worked for middle-class Americans, and Democrats lied about it. Now, Biden is doing everything in his power to reverse them..@CNN needs to try this again.  Despite what their liberal logic tells them, record-high inflation under Biden is bad for Americans from the gas pump to the grocery store.The reports that U.S. agencies bought banned technology from Communist China, therefore putting our nations security at risk, are unacceptable. There should be an immediate investigation.Senator Bob Dole was a true statesman, American war hero, and unparalleled legislator.  Chuck and I are praying for Elizabeth and the entire Dole family during this time.For to us a child is born, to us a son is given; and the government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Isaiah 9:6Parents should decide what their children are taught, not government bureaucrats.Great meeting with Jobs For Tennessee Graduates President John Dwyer this week to discuss how to empower young adults during career and college transitions with student-centered programs! @JagnationalThe supply chain crisis is hurting businesses and consumers, from product shortages to rising prices and job loss. This week, I supported a bill to help get supply chains back on track by making key data widely available to manufacturers. @SenatorMenendez @NormaJTorres @RepChuckWishing a Happy Hanukkah to all who celebrate!Whos calling the shots at this point? Fauci or Biden?Tennesseans are sick and tired of Joe Bidens COVID lockdown agenda.Join me in thanking Captain Corcoran for his nearly 30 years of dedicated service to the Knoxville community. We wish you all the best in this next chapter.Fauci finally said what weve always known: this was the Wuhan virus.The Biden administration only protects our southern border when theyre forced to.The November jobs report once again failed expectations.  Thanks, Joe. #BuildBackBroke.@marcorubio is asking important questions. Why are American news outlets allowing a communist dictator to get away with genocide? @nytimes, any answers?The @WTA showed tremendous courage this week by pulling out of tournaments in Communist China. Weve seen the Xinjiang papers, and we know theyre up to no good.This is just unbelievable.The use of the Digital Yuan at the Beijing Olympics is an open invitation for the Chinese Communist Party to surveil, threaten, and arrest users.Yet another reason we ought not to let our athletes attend.Sending our athletes to Communist China is a dangerous threat. The @WTA made the right decision to keep them safe.You cant make this stuff up.  Good question, Mr. President. Who is in charge you or Fauci?This is Joe Bidens new forever COVID agenda:  Forced quarantine for completely healthy Americans  Forced COVID testing for healthy Americans  Fines for those who fail to complyAn investigation into Biden Inc. is becoming more necessary every day.Joe Biden wants to make COVID the forever pandemic.Joe Bidens Christmas gift to you? Inflation.The Xinjiang Papers demonstrate the evilness of the Chinese Communist Party and Xi Jinpings direct involvement in targeting Muslim Uyghurs.After all this time, lies, and misinformation, Biden continues to let Fauci run the show.Tonight, I enjoyed speaking with Middle and West Tennesseans on a tele-town hall. Its an honor to serve the Volunteer State.The science is on our side, and we must stand together to safeguard human life.Every life is precious and protected under the Constitution. I hope the SCOTUS will uphold that right today in the Dobbs case. #ProLifeThank you, @WTA, for having the courage to stand up to the Chinese Communist Party and suspend all tournaments in China.  From disappearing tennis star Peng Shuai, to forcing Muslim Uyghurs into slave labor, Communist China has no respect for humanity.Fauci is advocating to let illegal immigrants brush off COVID restrictions while American citizens are placed under restrictive mandates.Why is Fauci still allowed in the press briefing room?Biden is responsible for the inflated prices you see on grocery store shelves.We must protect the sanctity of life.Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in support of Attorney General Lynn Fitch and the state of Mississippi as we stand together to protect and preserve the right to life.Putting trust in God will never lead you in the wrong direction, and @kayleighmcenany is a shining example.Biden will continue to shift the blame for our inflated economy, but this is his doing alone.Chris Cuomo is a political activist masquerading as a journalist. He shouldve been taken off air a long time ago. The Cuomo mafia family will stop at nothing to silence and intimidate those that seek to speak the truth.Democrats do not care about an inflated economy, they care about passing a socialist agenda.Instead of meeting the needs of the American people, Democrats have chosen to play politics risking a government shutdown and worsening their inflated economy.The Biden administration is refusing to disclose how many illegal immigrants have made it into the United States.Never back down to Communist China. This is a fight for American values.Joe Biden is decreasing the value of your hard earned dollars.Its always been the Xi variant.Twitters new CEO called religion a pyramid scheme. This is who is going to be controlling your speech online.Parents across the country are fed up with government control of their children. Parents should make their voices heard and be empowered to put their child in the school that best suits their needs. #SchoolChoiceChris Cuomo is not a real journalist.This inflated economy is brought to you by Bidens socialist agenda.Fauci, my criticisms of you are directed at you and you alone. Stop deflecting, and stop spreading misinformation.This is Parag Agrawal, Twitters new CEO and the person whos going to be deciding what kind of speech is allowed on Twitter:Follow the moneyBye, @jack.The Chinese Communist Party has demonstrated the threat they pose, and theyre not going to stop. We must stand with those fighting for democracy.Backlogs at the International Port of Memphis have resulted in delays for TN truck drivers & train conductors transporting goods. My proposed Improving Chassis Capacity for Memphis Supply Chain Act will make supply chains more efficient. @SenatorWickerAlmost two years ago, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris called President Trump a racist for protecting Americans by restricting travel for those entering the U.S. as the pandemic began.  Now, theyre doing the exact same thing.Now more than ever, locating the majority of federal agencies in Washington, D.C. does not make sense.Joe Biden is attempting to shift the blame for the inflation his agenda is causing.Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign. Behold, the virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel. Isaiah 7:14The @WHO continues to show its respect for a rogue Communist dictator.Communist Chinas debt trap diplomacy at work.  Give them an inch, and theyll take a mile.Tennessees small businesses are the cornerstone of our economy.  Today, on #SmallBusinessSaturday, shop local and thank a small business owner for their hard work and contributions to our state.Biden is going to try and mandate COVID vaccines for truckers. Biden is the cause of the supply chain crises.Last week, I led a letter to CBO demanding they disclose the impact of Bidens federal overreach on state Medicaid programs. @marcorubio @SenatorHagerty @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn @SenRickScottIn the build back broke bill, Democrats have prioritized blue-state billionaires, while punishing states like TN providing personalized care for children and other vulnerable populations.Thank you, @EnesKanter, for speaking truth. The U.S. Olympic Committee must not allow our Team USA athletes to attend the Beijing Olympics under Communist Chinas authoritarian leadership. @kilmeadeAs we gathered around the table with family and friends, many of TNs essential workers and servicemembers were not able to do the same.  To them and their loved ones, thank you your sacrifice and service during the holiday season do not go unnoticed.Joe Biden shouldnt be confused about why we have record-high gas prices. Make America Energy Independent Again.Thanksgiving is one of my familys favorite holidays. Its a time when we reflect on how blessed we are to gather together. From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving!Praise the Lord. Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever. Psalm 106:1Only Biden could make Dollar Tree into $1.25 Tree.The ridiculous high prices of this years Thanksgiving dinner is the latest example of what Bidens agenda is doing to Americans.Investigate the Bidens.The USA should hold the freedom games with athletes from all over the world instead of sending Team USA to Communist China.The left has embraced complete authoritarian control of your private lives.I know its hard, but lets try telling the truth.  You responded and reaffirmed youll continue to censor the Peng Shuai video.  While we have you here does @YouTube still stand with #MeToo?New York City is working to let close to one million non-U.S. citizens vote..@TeamYouTube has publicly promoted the #MeToo movement but is now pushing propaganda for Beijing and demonetizing news reports about Peng Shuai. @MorningsMaria @MariaBartiromoBiden knows hes inflating prices, and hes doing nothing.Joe Biden is letting the Chinese Communist Party walk over him.Joe Bidens strategy is to blame everyone but himself for the record-high inflation his administration has ushered in.Embarrassing. Bidens own Secretary of Energy doesnt know how many barrels of oil the U.S. consumes per day. Its 18M, @SecGranholm.President Biden has forced the USA to rely on OPEC and the cartels for our energy to appease the radical left.Joe Biden is calling for a phony FTC investigation. You dont need to be a detective to understand Bidens spending agenda and environmental policies are causing record-high gas prices.Oh, by the way, if any of the 1.4 billion speak out against the Chinese government, they disappear them. Ask Jack Ma and Peng Shuai. #WhereIsPengShuaiGas prices went up and approval numbers went down. Now, Joe Biden is lying about who is responsible for the spikes in gas prices.Inflation is hurting the most vulnerable American families. From the gas pump to the grocery store, it costs more.Make the USA energy independent again.It is concerning that the IOC is considering sending U.S. athletes to a rogue communist state.The suspect in the Waukesha massacre was arrested multiple times, but the progressive, Soros-backed prosecutor decided to let him out anyway.Inflation is the highest its been in 30 years. Double-digit inflation is not transitory.More out-of-control spending will lead to more inflation.  It's not rocket science.What else did Hunter Bidens firm help this Chinese company with?Liberal activists are nowhere to be seen when it comes to defending someone assaulted by the CCP.Where are the #MeToo activists standing up for Peng Shuai?The Chinese Communist Party will stop at nothing to censor the truth.As Americans travel this week, they will be paying more at the pump thanks to Joe Biden.Stop counting your followers and start fixing the problems you created in Afghanistan..@EnesKanter is once again spot on, and its time for more athletes to speak up.  The Communist Chinese Party is not our friend, and their unchecked power puts our Team USA athletes in great danger.Taiwan is independent.Tennesseans are grateful for the service and Volunteer spirit of the 208th Area Support Medical Company. We pray for safety and success on your overseas deployment.Joe Biden engaged in a prisoner swap with the CCP, where he sent back 7 Chinese nationals in return for 1 American.Hunter Biden's firm helped a Chinese company with a $3.8 billion cobalt mine purchase.The disappearance of Peng Shuai is the latest indication that sending our Team USA athletes into a hostile environment under the watch of the Communist Chinese government is simply unsafe. @SenTomCotton @MariaBartiromoWell done, @WTA. More companies should take note and follow their lead in standing up to Communist Chinas egregious actions.Beloved, let us love one another, for love is from God, and whoever loves has been born of God and knows God. 1 John 4:7Why are some illegal immigrants allowed to enter our country unvaccinated while essential workers are being fired for choosing not to receive it?What is the point of a Department of Justice if they are not carrying out justice for the American people? We demand answers on how Big Tech allowed the crises on our border to worsen.If Fauci can't play by his rules, he's not in a position to make them.Biden will tell you his agenda will fix inflation. His agenda is what created this inflation.Thanks, Biden.Just because the Democrats say its paid for does not make it true.The Real Biden Bill: At Least $4.6 Trillion @WSJDespite the CCPs history of human rights violations and kidnapping its own citizens, @YouTube chose to demonetize @esaagar and @krystalballs news report about Peng Shuai.  YouTube needs to answer why they support Communist China kidnapping a victim of sexual assault.Last week, the Senate passed my Congressional Gold Star Family Fellowship Program Act.  This legislation will create a Senate fellowship program open only to Gold Star family members so they can work within the system our servicemembers work so hard to defend.Then Im sure youre aware of how high gas prices have gotten from your policies.Washington Democrats are so out of touch, theyre willing to waste billions of taxpayer dollars while families struggle to afford rising consumer goods prices.The White House wants to talk about root causes paying illegals $450,000 to cross our border is a root cause.Former Obama official on Bidens inflation: How could an administration loaded with savvy political and economic hands have gotten this critical issue so wrong?Remember, Joe Biden stood in front of the American people and lied that his socialist agenda would not cost a dollar. It will cost $367 billion dollars.The CBO score is in, and Joes Build Back Broke agenda is NOT free.If $160 billion is close to being paid for, then we have bigger problems.Seems like you flipped a switch when you and Joe Biden reversed all of the Trump border policies that were working, @VP.On #NationalRuralHealthDay, we recognize the importance of advancing rural healthcare & celebrate our rural healthcare heroes. As co-chair of the Senate Rural Health Caucus, I am committed to ensuring that Tennesseans who live in rural areas have access to quality medical care.Biden is going to use your tax dollars to fund abortions.Biden is putting his far-left border agenda ahead of the interests and security of the American people.Peng Shuai showed tremendous bravery by standing up to the CCP, and now shes missing. We must ensure she remains safe.Did Merrick Garland lie under oath?I can assure you, my criticisms of the Vice President have nothing to do with her sex, @PressSec.The FBI must stop treating parents like domestic terrorists.Joe Biden and Secretary Mayorkas open border policy is endangering Americans.This years Thanksgiving spread is more expensive because of Joe Biden.Biden is working to undo everything that helps our border patrol agents keep our border secure. @HARRISFAULKNER @FaulknerFocusAmericans are suffering from record high inflation and gas prices because of Bidens reckless spending and anti-business agenda. Weaponizing the FTC to scare businesses is an attempt to distract from Bidens failures & is one step closer to his goal of state-controlled companies.OSHA has just suspended enforcement of Bidens unconstitutional vaccine mandate.Xi should be remembered for his crimes against humanity.Why is Bidens HHS working to strip Americans of their religious liberties?Build it.Illegal immigration at the southern border is at an all time high. Thats a fact that Secretary Mayorkas and President Biden cant deny.  Its time for more action. #BuildTheWallBidens plan to hand out a billion dollars in taxpayer money to illegal immigrants who have broken our nations laws puts our nations security last.Does Joe Biden understand what the Taiwan Relations Act is?The FBIs Counterterrorism and Criminal Divisions are now using threat tags to track concerned parents.Joe Biden must pledge to protect Taiwan.The FBI was constructing a coordinated system that tracked parents concerned with CRT like domestic terrorists.The Biden White House needs to come clean what will they do if Communist China invades Taiwan.Biden is playing into the hands of a rogue, Communist state, and walking back on the word we have given Taiwan.The Biden administrations plan to pay illegal immigrants is an insult to American taxpayers. @SandraSmithFoxPresident Biden obviously likes walls when they protect him.Joe Biden wont do what it takes to keep Americans safe and secure the border. #BuildTheWallBiden is using taxpayer dollars to put a wall around his beach house instead of the southern border.Why is a wall effective and necessary at the White House and Bidens beach house but not on our southern border?With the 1 billion dollars the Democrats want to pay illegal immigrants, they could be instead funding:  50 miles of additional border wall  15,000 additional border patrol agents 7,213 additional immigration judgesThe White House gave Kamala Harris the border czar role because they knew she wouldnt take any action.There are no As for effort when it comes to border security, Secretary Mayorkas.Why does the Biden administration do everything to avoid securing our border? Let's see if Secretary Mayorkas has some answers.Mayorkas has wasted his time as Secretary of Homeland Security. We have an unsecured border, and hes done everything in his power to make it worse.The Biden administration is not fulfilling American interests when it comes to the border.Instead of investing in our national security and securing the border, the Biden administration is paying illegals a billion dollars.The Biden administration is not willing to take the necessary steps to secure the border.Biden is weak on China.Communist China killed millions of people by allowing COVID to spread.If Biden engages with Communist China from anything other than a position of strength, the USA will lose.China lied and people died.Will Biden hold Communist China accountable for the outbreak of COVID-19?Biden has a duty to stand up for America and stand up to Communist China.The United States and our people will be the ones who lose due to Joe Bidens weakness.Communist China killed millions of people through the Chinese coronavirus, and Biden is about to let Xi Jinping walk all over him. Xi and his lieutenants in Beijing have proven time and again that their standing operating procedure is rooted in global domination.Joe Bidens first formal meeting with the Chinese Communist Party will be a Zoom call with no goals. Biden is weak and scared of Communist China. Biden must press Xi about Beijings destruction of Hong Kongs autonomy and abuse of human rights in mainland China.Tell Winnie we say hello, @POTUS.Joe Biden wants to strip your right to make a decision on whether you get the COVID vaccine or not.How long is the Biden administration going to let the Chinese Communist government push them around?Americans are paying significantly more for gas and groceries. Inflation will only increase with Biden's Build Back Broke agenda.Joe Biden does more to mandate medical decisions than enforce the rule of law on our southern border.Thats great, Jen. Now tell us what Kamala has done to end the border crisis.Every caravan that comes to our southern border is coming at the invitation of Joe Biden.U.S. corporations that aid Communist Chinas quest for semiconductor chip dominance threaten our national security. Do better, @intel.After four years of misinformation and the spreading of lies, the Washington Post attempts to correct their story. Id ask what took so long, but I already know the answer.In Collierville, I was glad to have the opportunity to thank the emergency personnel who put their lives on the line to help save innocent civilians on September 23. We are grateful for their service and for the outpouring of support the town received during a difficult time.Chuck and I join Tennesseans in praying for the family of Detective Sgt. Kevin Stolinsky..@Ford & SK Innovations investment in Haywood Co. is critical to fostering workforce development & economic growth in West TN. I appreciated the update from County Mayor David Livingston, HTL Advantage President @mherbison, & local leaders as they move forward on this project.Continue steadfastly in prayer, being watchful in it with thanksgiving. Colossians 4:2For 200 years, Tennesseans who call Madison County home have built a legacy rooted in strong values and a commitment to helping out their neighbors. Heres to another successful 200 years, @madisoncountytn!  @SenEdJackson @MayorConger @shaw_repDemocrats think its okay for immigrants with a history of domestic violence to be granted amnesty.Faucis own agency is pushing back against vaccine mandates because they know the ethics of a vaccine mandate are wrong.I will not stop fighting to protect essential workers from being fired due to Joe Bidens forced vaccine mandate. Im pleased to have thousands of @united airline workers support my legislation to Keep Our COVID-19 Heroes Employed Act.BLM has never been peaceful. They are a Marxist group intent on destroying America.Businesses should not follow illegal and unconstitutional orders from Joe Biden like forcing Americans to be fired or get vaccinated.Americans are getting ready to hit the road for the holidays, and theyll be forced to pay higher gas prices because of Joe Biden.Glad to see @marcorubios Secure Equipment Act was signed into law. I supported this legislation as it is critical we block companies in Communist China like @Huawei and @zteusa from gaining a foothold in the USA.Joe Bidens Christmas gift to Americans is record breaking inflation, empty store shelves and higher energy prices.Psaki: Biden has no plan ready to combat increasing gas prices.Because of his involvement in the Russia collusion hoax, Jake Sullivan needs to resign.Secretary Kerry brushed off the question about Chinese slave labor by claiming its not his lane. Actually, his policies are killing American jobs and sending business over to Communist China, where that labor is being used.  John, this is your lane.Hunter Biden was never investigated because the FBI was too busy framing President Trump.Xi Jinping continues to rewrite Communist Chinas history to consolidate power and insulate himself from internal criticism.My bipartisan legislation with @SenGillibrand, the Onward to Opportunity Act, would provide individualized career training programs and job placement services to help our veterans.This #VeteransDay, I am reminded of the servicemembers who often struggle with finding employment and achieving financial stability as they transition into civilian life.The Biden administration has been very intentional about pushing the lefts woke environmental agenda at the cost of the American dream.Under Biden, the only thing America is leading the way in is inflation.We must protect and care for our veterans every day.2,800 subpoenas and nearly 500 search warrants. Either you guys arent very good at this or you just wanted to make the President look bad, @RepAdamSchiffThank you to all the men and women who have courageously fought to defend our nation and its freedoms. #VeteransDayThank you to our nation's veterans.President Trump should have never been investigated for Russia. Hunter Biden is the one that shouldve been investigated.Great night in Music City! Congratulations to all of the very talented nominees and winners at the CMAs. Tune in for live updates below.  @CountryMusicBiden employs deep state proponents of the Russian hoax.Joe Bidens economic agenda is a reckless mess.The lack of cognitive ability starts at the top and trickles down.Things from your grocery list that have increased in price under Joe Biden: Milk (+4%) Eggs (+11.6%) Poultry (+7.5%) Beef (+17.6%)Happy birthday, @USMC!I stand with Matthew McConaughey on this one.Bidens solution to 30-year high inflation is more spending. #BidenflationInflation is at a 30-year high.  Thanks, Joe Biden.Hillary Clinton and her campaign staff need to come forward and explain their involvement in the Russia investigation.It's time for Jake Sullivan to find something else to do with his time.Adam Schiff abused his position to knowingly spread false information about President Trump. Schiff is culpable and should be subject to an investigation for his potential abuse of power as intel chair.The Democrats reckless spending is going to bankrupt our country.Biden is employing a key actor from Russiagate.  This is how the Deep State works: they employ their own.The Clinton campaign was intertwined with the Russia investigation from the beginning.The Clinton team signed, sealed and delivered fraudulent documents to the FBI to falsely frame and target President Trump.The Democrats spending plan would grant amnesty to illegal immigrants who have been convicted of domestic violence and involuntary manslaughter.Joe Biden is now attempting to cancel bridges. Nothing is safe from the woke mob.The Biden administration said everything is on the table when implementing their unconstitutional forced vaccine mandates.This is Joe Bidens nominee for the Federal Communications Commission.Pete gets back on the job to tell us bridges are racist.Joe Biden is a puppet who does whatever his handlers tell him to do.They will not stop until they have total control over your lives.In Joe Bidens America, even bridges are racist.The Biden administration doesnt want you to have a choice on the COVID-19 vaccine.Biden wants to shut down another pipeline and increase your energy prices. Does he have any remorse for killing American jobs and families livelihoods?Kamala Harris has achieved a difficult feat a lower approval rating than Joe Biden.It should be dark when youre asleep and light when youre awake.  Choose a time and stick with it.If you give them an inch, theyll take a mile.The Biden administration has all but forgotten the sacrifices essential workers and their families made during the peak of the pandemic. Instead, Bidens COVID vaccine mandates treat these heroes as second-class citizens. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedGlad to see @Smith_WessonInc officially break ground in East Tennessee! Their investment is a testament to our states business-friendly environment and innovation, and we look forward to a great partnership.Stop the lies and stop the mandates.Protect the rule of law and build the wall.Thank you to @FOP7Chicago for your support to #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployed. @johncat3572 lays out how President Biden is making our communities more dangerous by preventing police officers from patrolling our streets.Bernie Sanders and AOC attacked lawmakers who wanted to see the price of Bidens build back broke agenda before voting. They only care about forcing through their socialist agenda.Communist China is a rising power that is well on its way to outpacing the U.S. military. Its time for the United States to act from a position of strength and to maintain strategic deterrence.And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28Miraculously, Joe Biden has changed his mind about payments to illegal immigrants.  I wonder what his radical administration will tell him to do next.We are in the middle of a supply chain crisis, and now President Biden wants to fire workers. Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association President Todd Spencer discusses why @OOIDA is supporting my legislation to #KeepCOVIDHeroesEmployed and grocery store shelves stocked.Employers should not implement Joe Bidens unconstitutional vaccine mandate until it is ruled upon by our judicial branch.Joe Biden says he now supports paying illegal immigrants hundreds of thousands of dollars. What happened to it being a garbage idea?The dollar amount will be whatever Joes White House handlers tell him it will be.Hold on to your wallet. The left is trying to grab it.Joe Bidens infrastructure plan is a gateway to socialism and his build back broke government takeover.The build back broke plan will make it easier for Joe Biden to enforce his unconstitutional vaccine mandates.We are beginning to see real evidence of Russian Collusion, and it was by the Clinton Team.Were in the middle of a massive border crisis of Bidens making. Now, over 6,000 border patrol officers could be off the job due to his mandates. We need every officer to help secure our southern border. Im pleased @BPUnion is supporting my bill to #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployed.The Biden administration has lost track of nearly 100,000 illegal immigrants that are in the USA.Bidens mandates hurt American families. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedJoe Bidens build back broke plan will pay some illegal immigrants over 4x the amount of money Gold Star families receive.Amnesty for all is Bidens solution to the immigration crisis, and @StephenM doesnt hold back on the damage the Biden administration has caused and is further proposing.Fauci lied. Your tax dollars funded the outbreak of COVID-19, and he lied about it.A stronger border makes a stronger nation.  Build the wall.This is categorically false. Thousands of police officers, firefighters, nurses and essential workers have been forced out of work because of Bidens vaccine mandate.Joe Biden wants to grant the federal government more control over your life.Joe Biden is fighting to get you fired. I am fighting for American workers.Biden is perfectly comfortable paying immigrants thousands of dollars. Well, the American people are not, @POTUS.Not surprised to see the White House handlers quickly walking back Bidens denial of their plan to pay illegal immigrants nearly half a million dollars each.  Tells you whos really in control.Thank you @RepTimBurchett for leading the effort in the House to #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployed. No one should be forced by Joe Biden to be fired or get jabbed.Biden has the nerve to lie about the consequences of his mandates while thousands of first responders are out of a job.Whos surprised? The Trump-Russia dossier is and always was built from lies.Why does Fauci still have a job?Joe Biden is using his build back broke plan to expand the power of OSHA and increase fines by over 500% against businesses that refuse to follow his unconstitutional vaccine mandate.Tennesseans do not want Bidens big government control.America's essential workers deserve our support after carrying us through the pandemic. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedJoe Bidens vaccine mandates are unconstitutional.Joe Biden must not sit on the sidelines as Communist China and North Korea continue to accelerate their nuclear weapons programs. It is a direct threat to the USA, South Korea and our freedom loving partners across the globe.While businesses scramble to fill the 10.4 million open jobs in our country, Bidens vaccine mandates will push even more Americans out of the workforce.Joe Biden is firing essential workers.We must never rely on the Chinese Communist Party for anything.Biden is so out of touch he does not realize his radical administration wants to send hundreds of thousands of dollars to illegal aliens.Joe Bidens spending plan will reward some illegal aliens that have broken the law almost $500,000.The radical left wants to use Bidens build back broke plan to pass amnesty for all.Everything costs more when Joe Biden is president.Were going to block the vaccine mandate, because Joe Biden doesnt get to make personal medical decisions for you.Voter ID is imperative to ensuring secure elections.Democrats are once again eroding election integrity.Essential workers were Americas backbone during the pandemic, and we must protect them from being fired due to Joe Bidens COVID-19 vaccine mandates. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedParents overwhelmingly reject critical race theory in their childs education.The Biden administration wants to let corporate America buy citizenship for immigrants to replace American workers and surpass immigration caps.Joe Biden has no right to get you fired from your job over your vaccination status.Has Biden even remotely considered the consequences of his mandates?What are they hiding?Here you have it: Bidens vaccine mandate could cause a national security crisis.Joe Biden has been sleeping through his presidency.God bless America.Critical race theory does not belong in our schools.We sure did. Its outright ridiculous, and we refuse to let taxpayer dollars go misused.Stop the mandates.They closed your businesses. They closed your schools. They closed your churches. They raised your grocery prices. They created national shortages. They created mandates to fire you over vaccination status.  They wont stop until theyre in total control.Welcome home! Tennessee is so grateful for your service.Chuck and I are praying for @SenatorRounds and the entire family as they mourn the loss of Jean. May God give them strength and bring them comfort during this time.Glad to see Facebook recognize that stockpiling photos on millions of users isnt a good privacy practice. We know how this data can be misused just ask the Uyghurs. The U.S. needs a privacy law that protects all consumers from data grabs by Big Tech companies.The federal government is abusing their power by mandating the vaccine.Providing amnesty for illegal immigrants is not the fix for a border crisis, yet @POTUS and the Democrats wont let up on including it in their reconciliation package.At a time when Communist China is taunting the world and seeking global domination, Chuck Schumer and the Democrats must stand with our allies, fulfill our constitutional duty, and prioritize the #NDAA vote..@SenTomCotton is spot on Reparations for illegal aliens is absolute insanity and will only encourage more lawbreaking.Why wont Biden put Americans first? He is paying illegals over 4x more money than Gold Star families.Good morning to everyone but Joe Biden who is probably still a bit sleepy.Joe Biden, you did this!Nobody wants higher gas prices, yet Bidens agenda is causing them.The federal government doesnt get to decide whether or not you receive the COVID vaccine.Bidens COVID vaccine mandate is about more government control. We must protect our essential workers from being fired. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedFirst, Joe Biden and the left wanted to use the build back broke plan to pass amnesty for all. Now, they want to pay illegals more money than Gold Star families.Joe Biden used his power to keep medical professionals out of hospitals and police forces off duty. Joe Biden is not protecting Americans; hes endangering them.Too bad Linda cant find any of her essential items due to supply chain shortages caused by the Biden agenda.China must be terrified of the virus they created.7 in 10 Americans believe our nation is heading in the wrong direction. Joe Biden is failing our country.Joe Bidens spending bill is an attack on American families.Flights are canceling, not enough police are on patrol, and nurses are blocked from hospitals.  @POTUS did this.What makes Biden think an agreement with Communist China will ever benefit Americans?Who is calling the shots behind the curtain?In a recent survey by the @TNChamber, 76% of TN businesses opposed the federal government dictating vaccination protocols to businesses. Thats why my legislation would protect essential workers from losing their job over Bidens COVID vaccine mandate. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedBiden is insisting on an environmental agenda that will raise gas prices for Americans.What a fun time with great friends last night. Congrats on your 5,000th Saturday night show, @opry! #Opry5000President Biden has time to travel across Europe but not to visit the southern border.The LORD is good to all, and his mercy is over all that he has made. Psalm 145:9It will cost less to build the wall than to pay the illegal immigrants who cross our southern border.Biological males do not belong in womens sports. Period.  I appreciate the work @IWF is doing to bring attention to this critical issue. Female athletes deserve a level playing field to compete and achieve their goals.I am with Bill Maher on this. #ByeByeCOVIDTheyve tried to cover their tracks, and theyve failed.  We deserve the truth.Joe Biden wants to control your childrens education, your job, and your health care. This is just the beginning.Honored to have the @NatPoliceAssoc join in support of my legislation to #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployed.  Those who work hard to keep our country running should not be fired over choosing not to get the COVID vaccine.If it works, then why get rid of it? The Biden administration is allowing their border crisis to worsen each day.  Keep Remain in Mexico in place, and while youre at it, #BuildTheWall.Getting vaccinated is a choice that should be made between a patient and their doctor. Protect our essential workers from being fired. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedWhy does Biden continuously put illegal immigrants before the American people?This ruling is a small win at keeping our economy running. We have over 10.4 million open jobs, and Joe Bidens unconstitutional vaccine mandates will force businesses to fire even more employees.In one vote, Democrats want to institutionalize total government control and implement socialist policies like the Green New Deal, COVID vaccine mandates, and amnesty for illegal immigrants.Bidens COVID vaccine mandates will leave communities without enough police officers, firefighters and doctors to keep Americans safe. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedJoe Biden wants to pay illegal immigrants $450,000 while Americans struggle to make ends meet in his inflated economy.Joe Biden's vaccine mandate is going to get you fired. He will be singing, 'Where have all the workers gone?'Biden wants the hardworking taxpayer to pay illegal immigrants who have chosen to break our laws.Its not the federal governments job to impose vaccine mandates on individuals and businesses. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedGrocery prices are up. Gas prices are up. Bills across the board are up.  Americans are struggling to make ends meet while President Biden is working to pay illegal immigrants.Changing Facebook's name doesn't change what you've done, Mark.So as American families are scraping by, facing job loss because of Bidens mandate, illegal aliens are going to get a payout.Attorney General Garland could not seem to give a straight answer at yesterdays hearing.  Whats the status of the Durham report? Will the DOJ rescind the language equating concerned parents to domestic terrorists?Joe Biden is disguising a government takeover as spending.Bidens mandates are going to create staffing crises for first responders in your communities.  We must pass the Keeping Our COVID-19 Heroes Employed Act.Sexual assault is not a phony culture war. @BarackObamaMerrick Garland abused his power to embolden a radical leftist agenda.Bidens COVID vaccine mandate is a threat to Americans freedoms.X is not a gender.The federal government has no business mandating vaccinations for individuals or forcing compliance on businesses.Stop rewriting biology and start getting Americans out of Afghanistan, @StateDept.The Clinton campaign lied, and the American people deserve the truth. Release the full Durham investigation upon completion, AG Garland.The facts are simple.  AG Garlands son-in-law co-founded a company that promotes critical race theory.  Then, Garland deployed the FBI to label parents concerned about CRT in schools as domestic terrorists.President Biden promised the American people that he would keep the Department of Justice apolitical, and hes used it to intimidate concerned parents into silence.The completion of the Durham investigation is necessary to ensure transparency in the FBI and restore faith in our civil liberties.One of the nations largest special interest groups apologized for threatening concerned parents and equating them to domestic terrorists. Now, its time for Garland and the DOJ to do the same.Attorney General Garlands decision to send the FBI after concerned parents in school board meetings is an abuse of power.No excuses, lets do what should be done and admit Taiwan into the UN.Meanwhile there are nearly 450 Americans STILL stranded in AfghanistanCritical race theory has no place in Americas schools.The Biden administration coordinated with a special interest group to deploy the FBI against parents who have legitimate concerns about what is being taught in public schools.Unbelievable.Americans will be fired from their jobs and businesses will not have workers due to Joe Bidens COVID vaccine mandate. #KeepOurCOVIDHeroesEmployedKeep our COVID-19 heroes employed.Its called comedy for a reason.Celebrating the greatest state in the union on #NationalTennesseeDay!Tennessee is home to the @101stAASLTDIV, the 160th SOAR, @TNMilitaryDept, and over 400,000 veterans. They deserve to know how the Afghanistan withdrawal went so wrong.In August, there were over 10.4 million open jobs across the country, and now President Biden wants to fire even more workers over his COVID vaccine mandate.No American especially not our nations COVID-19 heroes should face the ultimatum of a jab versus being fired. Thats why Ive introduced the Keeping Our COVID-19 Heroes Employed Act to protect them from Bidens mandate.Have a wonderful day, @HillaryClinton.Joe Biden does not get to make personal medical decisions for you, and he certainly will not be firing our workforce and first responders for their decision not to receive the COVID-19 vaccine.  @BrookeSingmanBig Tech must not go unchecked.@OOIDA @FLEOAORG @NationalSheriff @FOP7Chicago @BPUnion @TNChamber @GlennJacobsTN @Heritage @FreedomWorks @approjectIm pleased to lead this effort with my colleagues and the support of several important organizations.  @JimInhofe @SenLummis @SenatorHagerty @SenatorBraun @SenTuberville @SenRonJohnsonToday, Im introducing the Keeping Our COVID-19 Heroes Employed Act. Joe Biden wants the essential workers who kept our country running during the pandemic fired for their decision not to receive the COVID-19 vaccine.  We wont stand for it.Protecting your kids and teens should be the priority for social media platforms not profit or data.Earlier this year, TikTok, owned by Beijings ByteDance, changed their privacy policy to allow themselves to collect even more data on Americans. That should concern every user.For too long, platforms like TikTok, YouTube, and Snapchat have been allowed to promote and glorify dangerous content for its kid and teen users.What happened in Afghanistan was a catastrophic failure on behalf of the Biden administration.Bidens one-size-fits-all COVID vaccine mandate is an infringement on individual freedoms.Joe Biden wants hardworking Americans fired for their decision not to get vaccinated.This is out of hand. Where is Border Czar Kamala Harris?Joe Biden is rolling out the welcome mat for thousands upon thousands of illegal immigrants to enter our country.Biden should tell the caravan to turn around.Thanks to Bidens Build Back Broke agenda, it will get worse before it gets better.This is beyond a crisis, and its all because of Joe Bidens open border policies.How about taking bold action to address the unprecedented border crisis you are responsible for?Twitter is censoring @RepJimBanks for refusing to go along with the Biden administrations performance theater. @Jim_BanksLori Lightfoot is going to let police officers be fired for their decision not to get vaccinated while crime breaks out across the city. Get your priorities straight, @LoriLightfoot.During World War II, Private First Class James Sutcliffe was held captive for months behind enemy lines. Yesterday, I was honored to present him with the Prisoner of War Medal for his courageous service and sacrifice.In Sparta yesterday, I joined many Tennesseans in honoring Marine LCpl Kevin Honaker, who lost both of his legs while bravely serving our country in Afghanistan. This week, Homes For Our Troops is breaking ground on his new custom home.The heart of man plans his way, but the Lord establishes his steps. Proverbs 16:9A decision to get a COVID vaccine should be between you and your doctor not the federal government.  For Tennesseans interested in learning more about COVID-19 vaccines, click below:Arrests at the southern border are at an all time high. Bidens border crisis is breaking the wrong kind of records.Thank you to Johnson City leaders for providing me an update on the West Walnut Street Corridor Redevelopment Plan. I was pleased to learn this project will revitalize downtown and create a vibrant space for the community.Thank you to the Mountain Empire Chapter of @MilitaryOfficer for inviting me to speak today. I was glad to provide an update on our important work on @SASCGOP & @SVACGOP to benefit the needs of our TN servicemembers and veterans.I was truly honored to be on campus this morning to officially welcome Dr. Scott Hummel to @Tusculum_Univ as its 29th president. Dr. Hummel will be a committed administrator, educator, and spiritual leader to the Tusculum family. Congratulations!What a wonderful morning in Unicoi County! Thank you to Jones & Church Farms for hosting our roundtable. I was glad to receive an update from Mayor Evely and community leaders on how the county is expanding opportunities for broadband, education and healthcare.Lets get this straight: Biden uses federal funds to build a wall around his beach house while he refuses to build the wall at our southern border and protect American families. Democrats know walls work. Thats why they use them for themselves.Less mandates on law abiding Americans, more on illegal immigrants.The Biden administration is seriously going to try and pin this border crisis on climate change.Joe Biden wants essential workers to be fired for refusing to take medical advice from the federal government.Last week, I met with local leaders in Middle and East Tennessee. We had productive discussions about the work they are doing to boost the economy, innovate, and make a difference in their communities.This is unacceptable. The U.S. should have been working to hold the CCP accountable for the origins of COVID not aiding their spyware companies.I would like to take the time and officially blame this border crisis on Joe Biden and his reckless agenda.Fauci knew. What else are they hiding?Joe Biden wants hard working Americans to be fired for their decision to not get the COVID vaccine.Fauci lied, Americans died. #FireFauciBrutal dictator should be considered an understatement considering Xis crimes against humanity. @EnesKanter said nothing wrong.Americas hardworking essential workers should not be fired because they are choosing not to get the COVID-19 vaccine.Fauci lied to Congress. He knew we were funding gain of function research, and he lied about it. This admission is long overdue. #FauciLiedSupply chains operating under the Chinese Communist Party are not ones to be reliant on.Tune in to @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness this morning!Biden not American workers should be fired for COVID vaccine mandates.I am grateful for the essential workers who have served our nation since the beginning of the pandemic. I refuse to let Joe Bidens vaccine mandate force them to be fired.Joe Biden betrayed frontline workers when he forced them to lose their job if they chose not to get vaccinated.Come on out to Tennessee!Prices are up, supply chains are down and the American people are not having it.Joe Biden saw an economy falling to shambles and decided to add a vaccine mandate that will force Americans to lose their jobs.Way to stand up for freedom, @Travistritt! Im with you all the way.What are you doing about Chinas expanded nuclear capabilities?The Biden administration is keeping the American people under the cloak of darkness while they fly illegal immigrants into our communities in the dark.President Biden promised to be a unifier. Instead, hes slapped mandates on the American people and is attempting to force them into compliance.Elections belong to the American people, not Washington Democrats who want to make their own rules.To keep elections secure, we must keep them out of the hands of Washington Democrats.Voter ID is a proven measure to protect the security of our elections. Why are Democrats working to eliminate it?During my recent trip to the border, I heard from a TSA official who stated TSA recently created a special security screening process for illegal aliens. This allows the Biden administration to fly illegals that lack the proper documentation into communities all across the U.S.The Biden Administration is not just flying illegal aliens into Tennessee communities. Just as we suspected, this is happening all across the country.Democrats want a federal takeover of elections.A democracy that doesnt tolerate free speech will not remain a democracy for long.  Read my latest editorial with @SenTomCotton on our new Senate Campus Free Speech CaucusFacebook can change their name, but it doesnt make a difference until they change their habits of prioritizing profit over the wellbeing of children.Joe Biden wants the federal government to control every facet of your life including forcing you to get vaccinated.Stand against tyranny. Stand against forced COVID vaccinations.During my tele-town hall tonight, I spoke with many East Tennesseans concerned about the Biden administrations abuse of power as they try to force through COVID vaccine mandates. Not on my watch.I introduced the Migrant Resettlement Transparency Act because I refuse to let Joe Biden get away with abusing federal powers to hide the problems hes created.Talk to your doctor, not the federal government about getting a COVID vaccine.We should not have to rely on supply chains based in a rogue Communist state.Did Joe Biden write this?Joe Biden is attempting to rewrite the rules for the federal government by enforcing mandates of the COVID-19 vaccine.The message is clear: Tennesseans will not be silent as the Biden administration sends illegal immigrants into our communities.My bill, the Migrant Resettlement Transparency Act, will stop the federal government from secretly flying illegals into communities.The Biden administration has been secretly flying illegal aliens into Tennessee for months, and now we know theyre doing the same in New York.1 Finish the wall 2 Embrace Remain in Mexico 3 Eliminate Catch and Release 4 Keep Title 42 in placeNorth Korea and China two members of the axis of evil are having a field day in the arms race because Joe Biden is a weak leader who does nothing.Facebook is actively encouraging people to break the law and illegally enter our country.America is back to leading from behind, and North Korea and Communist China know it. Its time for @POTUS to stand up to their taunts and aggressive behavior.Americans are afraid of the death and destruction tearing through the border by drug cartels and human trafficking rings. Why does President Biden refuse to solve the problem?Buy Made in Tennessee, not Made in Communist China.Communist Chinas nuclear-capable hypersonic missile test was just another step closer to achieving its goal of global domination. Yet, the Biden administration decreased our defense budget.Maybe if Pete were in the office, hed understand supply chains belong in the U.S., and if they werent in China, we wouldnt be having these issues.Energy prices are skyrocketing across the country. Joe Biden canceled the keystone pipeline, slowing American energy production, while allowing Russia to build the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.Let me get this straight. We welcome nuclear competition from an adversary that does not wish the U.S. or our allies well?In what capacity is former President Obama attending the UN climate summit to lay out the important progress made and urge more robust action?  Sounds like a job for the current President.Communist Chinas testing of a nuclear-capable hypersonic missile should sound the alarm for the Biden administration. This should not have come as a surprise.Heres some intel illegal aliens are flooding into the country because of Joe Biden. We must build the wall and provide our border patrol agents the resources they need to do their job.Remember when Chuck Schumer said, everything is on the table? They want to pack the Supreme Court to suppress those who disagree with their radical agenda.Chuck & I are saddened to hear of former Sec. of State Colin Powells passing. He was a soldiers soldier, highly respected by all who wore the uniform. We are grateful for his service to our country, & we join Tennesseans in extending our condolences & prayers to his family.Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have called you by name, you are mine. Isaiah 43:1Receiving the COVID-19 vaccine is your choice its not for the federal government to decide for you.The American people were not asking, and they certainly do not need Faucis permission to celebrate and gather with family.Prices at the pump increased when Joe Biden and the left started implementing their radical agenda its their fault youre paying more.What a great story! Tennessee thanks you for your service, Sgt. Vazquez.Please join me in praying for the protection and safe return of the U.S. missionaries kidnapped in Haiti.This is what has come from Joe Bidens Afghanistan policy.This weekend, we honor the brave men and women in blue who put their lives on the line day in and day out. Thank you for your work to keep our families and communities safe. #NationalPoliceWeekend #BackTheBlueAnd my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19Best way to spend a Saturday in Neyland Stadium cheering on the Vols.These problems arent being given to Joe Biden, theyre being created by Joe Biden.It is paramount we secure our southern border our nations security and sovereignty depend on it.Americans should not be forced to be vaccinated by the federal government.Pete Buttigieg should do his job.Tennesseans have made it clear that they will not support COVID vaccine mandates.Does transparency matter to the Biden administration?Communist China is expanding its military to bully and threaten Taiwans sovereignty. The United States must stand for democracy and against communism.Were in the middle of a transportation crisis and the White House was hiding that Pete Buttigieg was on paid leave. Why did we just learn of this?Tennessee is the place to do business for all industries. Come to Tennessee, and youll see why!Supply shortages are everywhere. If this is the Build Back Better agenda, we have a serious problem.The Democrats want to turn the Supreme Court into a superlegislature to implement their radical wishlist..@UEI_IBC openly admitted to employing Uyghur slave labor and working with Communist China. They must be held accountable.Stop and think about it. Never has the federal government imposed a vaccine mandate.It says something when the American people are calling him #EmptyShelvesJoe.The USA stands with Taiwan Democracys first line of defense against Communist China.Packing the Supreme Court will destroy our democracy.Tennesseans are against packing the Supreme Court.The radical leftists do not trust you to be honest so they want to destroy your right to privacy by spying on your bank accounts.Kamala Harris thinks this is a game of hide and seek. Its not. @VP, come out, and get to the border.This administration embraces mandates while restricting freedoms.The recent reports that Secretary Kerry owns a stake in Chinese investment groups that commit human rights abuses are beyond disturbing. We need a full investigation into this administration and its ties to the Chinese Communist government.We should have never stopped evacuating our citizens and Afghan partners in the first place.Please join me in praying for the people of Taiwan affected by this tragedy.Bidens Build Back Broke agenda is causing real harm to American workers.It is absurd that the Biden administration would abuse federal laws to intimidate concerned parents.There were policies in place that kept crises like were seeing at the border from happening.  Joe Biden and Kamala Harris chose to remove these. I wonder whyThe #BidenBorderCrisis cannot continue, and theres a simple solution.  Build the wall. @AdamShawNYHappy birthday to the @USNavy!Kamala should step away as border czar. She has no interest in actually visiting the border and doing the work needed to secure it.Students across the country are being bullied for refusing to capitulate to the radical lefts herd mentality.If leftist Democrats have their way, theyll be using the federal government to spy on your personal bank accounts.Consumer prices are up 5.4% compared to last year. The #BuildBackBroke plan is clearly not working for American families.Joe Biden was Vice President the last time gas prices were this high in Tennessee. I'm sensing a trend.It was never just tax the rich. Why do you think they want to monitor personal banks accounts with just $600?Chuck and I are saddened by the loss of life at a postal facility in Memphis today. Please join us in praying for the victims and their loved ones.Every life is precious, and the science is on our side.Kamala Harris scripted video content is produced by Sinking Ship Entertainment. How fitting.North Korea is part of the axis of evil, and Joe Biden must stand up for our national security. The U.S. will not tolerate Kim Jong Uns authoritarian threats against our country.Lets be clear: No U.S. company should ever be complicit in the slave labor that is taking place in China. We are prepared to take every action to prevent this from going forward.Thank you to the men and women who work tirelessly to help put food on the table and grow our economy. #NationalFarmersDayToday would be a great day for President Biden and Vice President Harris to #BuildTheWall.Joe Bidens open border agenda has emboldened cartels, and the hardworking ranchers and property owners near the southern border are paying the price. #BidenBorderCrisisWalls keep those who should not be in our country out. Build it.Build the wall.The American people do not believe or trust Fauci. From the ratings, it appears theyre not buying the lies he or Hollywood elites are telling us.Kamala Harris is MIA at the southern border.The border wall is meant to protect Americans, and Biden has allowed it to be overrun.The #BidenBorderCrisis is not slowing down until the border is secure.Bidens administration met with the Taliban and the discussions were described as candid and professional. These are terrorists theyre talking to, why are they treating them as partners?While Border Patrol agents and landowners deal with the effects of Bidens open border agenda, the border czar @VP is eating cupcakes and talking about space.We are a nation of laws. You enter this country legally, and there should be no way around it.Today is #ColumbusDay, and nobody can rewrite history to say otherwise.When I took a look at our southern border and the crisis were facing, border patrol agents made one thing clear: this cannot continue any longer.Appreciate @rgv3307 @BPUnion showing me the firsthand effects of Joe Bidens border crisis. I am always proud to support the incredible men and women of our Border Patrol as they work to keep communities safe.During my border visit, a rancher asked me, where in the hell is Kamala?The border crisis has become so bad that Border Patrol has put up signs in an attempt to direct illegals crossing into the U.S. and to help reduce the number of rescue missions.Border Patrol officers are feeling the impact of the #BidenBorderCrisis at the Anzalduas International Bridge. We encountered dozens of migrants making their way to the Temporary Outdoor Processing Site (TOPS) that has been set up to deal with the migrant influx.Until our border is secure, our entire nations security is at risk. #BuildTheWallInstead of taking steps to secure our border, Joe Biden has halted construction of the wall altogether. His open border agenda is unsustainable.In Falfurrias, I met with local law enforcement, ranchers, & landowners who are forced to deal with property damage caused by illegal aliens trespassing their land to avoid checkpoints. Its not uncommon for these ranchers to find the bodies of dead migrants on their properties.In Mission, Texas, Border Patrol agent Chris Cabrera explained how cartels coordinate to push drugs, unaccompanied minors, and families in different directions simultaneously. In doing so, they overwhelm Border Patrol and smuggle drugs and people into the U.S. @BPUnionOur nations security depends on a secure border. Its time for action, @POTUS. @AdamShawNYWishing my Taiwanese friends a happy #TaiwanNationalDay! The U.S. stands with you in protecting freedom.Along the Rio Grande River, @TxDPS officers are on the front lines of the humanitarian crisis at our southern border and are rescuing migrants from the river on a regular basis. They showed me where human and drug traffickers are crossing into the United States.The heavens declare the glory of God, and the sky above proclaims his handiwork. Psalm 19:1Because of the Biden administrations open border policies, every town is now a border town, and every state is a border state.At the southern border, @BPUnion border patrol officers told me all they want is to do their job. But Joe Biden wont let them. Biden is taking resources away from @DeptofDefense and @USNationalGuard that are supporting @CBP..@SecBlinken, @SecMayorkas, and AG Merrick Garland should be joining me at the southern border. Instead, they are in Mexico City attempting to do damage control.If Joe Biden respected our nations security he would #BuildTheWall. Instead, he just announced the cancellation of more border wall construction down here in the Rio Grande Valley.In McAllen, Texas, @TxDPS, @TexasGuard, and @BPUnion briefed me on the humanitarian crisis occurring at the southern border. These officials told me theyve seen a 1,000% increase in vehicle pursuits with illegal aliens in some areas.A terrorist group wont help contain terrorism. Is anyone surprised?The cartels at our border are stronger and richer than ever, and the Biden administration is downright refusing to address it. This has to stop.The Biden administration knows exactly what they must do to take control of the border crisis, they simply refuse to do it. #BuildTheWallBidens Department of Homeland Security knew our border was about to be flooded.  They hid it, then they did nothing.Joe Biden wants to remake the Department of Justice into the Department of Social Justice..@Nike is a two-faced corporation that only cares about social causes when it doesnt hurt their profits. Theyve made it clear theyre willing to take anti-Israel actions while profiting off the use of slave labor from Uyghur populations in Communist China.Bidens agenda led to higher gas prices thats a tax on millions of Americans.Reports show @POTUS and @SecMayorkas knew thousands of migrants were about to flood our southern border, and yet they failed to take action. #BidenBorderCrisisStand with Israel.Nike is pro-BDS, pro-China, and anti-American ideals..@Nikes reasoning was: Israel stores no longer match the companys policy and goals. Does that mean they will end their use of slave labor? Or do Nikes policies and goals support that?Another disappointing jobs report this month as Joes #BuildBackBroke agenda continues.Devastating news out of Afghanistan. Please join me in praying for all of the victims in this horrific attack.My colleagues on @SenJudiciaryGOP and I are pleased to lead this effort. @ChuckGrassley @LindseyGrahamSC @JohnCornyn @SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz @SenSasse @HawleyMO @SenTomCotton @SenJohnKennedy @SenThomTillisWe are not going to stop asking questions until we get to the bottom of why the peoples Justice Department is being used to interfere with free speech and our childrens learning curriculum.Joe Bidens DOJ is weaponizing the FBI against parents for exercising their First Amendment rights.  Bidens message is clear: Support critical race theory in your childrens schools or we will come after you.It seems @Disney, a company notorious for covering up the CCPs human rights abuses, has now produced a film on the one and only Anthony Fauci. Whos surprised? The left sticks together and protects their own.Youve probably noticed pricier bills the last few months thats the result of the Biden economic agenda.Democrats have no problem going on a spending spree with your tax dollars.Americans want the Chinese Communist Party to be held accountable.  cc: @chenweihuaBiden Inc. continues to have lucrative and secretive connections to the Chinese Communist government. Why does Joe Biden fail to disclose this?  They should all be investigated immediately.Joe Bidens botched withdrawal has allowed authoritarian regimes to fill the vacuum in Afghanistan. Biden has made Russia and China more powerful..@SenSchumer wants to increase our nations debt all for a radical leftist agenda.Dont be mistaken, Bidens agenda is loaded with mandates and government control over your lives..@POTUS and @SenSchumer want to raise the debt ceiling to fund their socialist agenda.While Tennessee is ready to welcome those Afghans who put their lives on the line to serve our country, the Biden administration owes it to publicly inform states before resettling evacuees into our communities. @SenatorHagerty @GovBillLee @BrookeSingmanCommunist China is an authoritarian regime set on global domination. Now, it has turned its sights towards Taiwan. This week on Unmuted, @GordonGChang joins me to discuss protecting our Taiwanese allies and standing firm against Chinas aggression.Joe Biden is about to label parents as domestic terrorists. Join me in fighting back against their radical agenda.It is an abuse of power that the FBI wants to intimidate parents concerned about Critical Race Theory and simply looking out for their childs best interest.When Joe Biden withdrew troops from Afghanistan, prisoners were set loose. One of them carried out the suicide bombing at Kabul airport just days later. These are the results of Bidens foreign policy agenda.The Biden administration is built off wasteful spending..@RepRashida said the quiet part out loud: they only care about virtue signaling masks have nothing to do with following the science.The United States must stand strong against communism and Chinas aggression. Joe Biden needs to provide diplomatic and military support to protect our friends in Taipei.Under President Bidens watch, the DOJ is making the FBI an enforcement arm for progressive policies and using federal law enforcement to intimidate concerned parents into silence.Democrats are willing to bankrupt future generations. We must stop spending money we do not have.It is time for personal choice whether to wear a mask or not.During #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth, we honor those in the fight against breast cancer. We pray for healing and encourage all women to schedule their routine screening this month.Who is leading the country? How long has Biden been asleep at wheel?Bidens decision to mobilize federal forces to intimidate parents concerned about Critical Race Theory is the latest abuse of power weve seen from this administration. They will stop at nothing to enforce their agenda.The Biden administration is full of hypocrites who only care about forcing their radical agenda onto the American people.Biden and the bureaucrats think they can overrule your religious exemptions. They are taking away your freedoms.17 Chinese warships entered Taiwan territory over the weekend by Monday, it was 56 sorties. These acts of aggression must end immediately.Under President Bidens watch, the Department of Justice is making the FBI an enforcement arm for progressive policies and using federal law enforcement to intimidate concerned parents into silence.Know the facts, read the signs.Facebook has an open invitation to come and testify whenever they please.Facebook allegedly employs and outsources psychology professionals to deal with childrens presence on their platform.If Facebook wants to discuss its targeting of children, come forward and testify.Facebook made their platform more addicting to kids to line their pockets with cash.Facebook is prioritizing profit over the well-being of our children.Facebook is not interested in making significant changes to improve safety on their platforms when it would mean they would lose profit.What did Mark Zuckerberg know about Facebooks plans to bring on kids as new users and advertise to them?The documents don't lie but Facebook does.Time and time again, Facebook turns a blind eye to illicit activity on their platform, whether it be underage users or human exploitation.Facebook is scared that they are running out of teen users. In order for them to increase profit, they market to even younger users.We must hold Facebook accountable in order to protect our children and grandchildren.You, not Facebook, should own the virtual you.I will not cancel Christmas. I will hug, travel, celebrate, and sing the Hallelujah chorus out loud in church. Join me in planning for a blessed Thanksgiving and a very merry Christmas!Communist China is a national security threat, and its time Biden starts treating them like one.The American dream and our freedoms are worth protecting for our children and grandchildren.Facebook isn't having a great start to the week... and tomorrow doesnt look any brighter for them. @SenBlumenthalThe United States stands with the country of Taiwan.Biden has made every state a border state.No surprise Taliban terrorists are incapable of fulfilling any responsibilities of a legitimate government.There is no time better than right now to secure the border. Just do it!The U.S. stands with our ally, Taiwan. We must not allow Communist China to bully or threaten Taiwans independence.Joe Biden and the Democrats want to pass a socialist agenda to run your life from cradle to grave, daylight to dark.This isnt about Build Back Better for Biden and the Democrats. Its about institutionalizing socialism with one vote.Fauci is a grinch who is prepared to take every right given to Americans.Facebook has one primary goal profit.Facebooks own documents prove they actively recruit and study preteens. @georgia_wells @JeffHorwitzAllowing people who weren't vetted onto planes while stranding our citizens and allies in Afghanistan that was Bidens withdrawal plan.Our country is now less safe because of Joe Bidens catastrophic Afghanistan exit. There must be accountability.The Biden Administration must hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable. Communist China is plotting for global domination and will stop at nothing.End catch and release and #BuildTheWall.In one vote, Democrats want to fundamentally change America into a socialist country with Bidens #BuildBackBroke agenda.Tennessee is helping lead the way in workforce development and opportunity. The new technical college near @Ford and SK Innovation will equip Tennesseans with the tools they need for success.Trust in the Lord forever, for the Lord God is an everlasting rock. Isaiah 26:4I oppose vaccine mandates. It is your choice whether you want to receive the COVID-19 vaccine or not.Our prayers are with the loved ones of Officer Darrell Adams and his colleagues at the @MEM_PoliceDept. We are grateful for his dedicated service to the Memphis community.More evidence that Facebook turns a blind eye towards harmful content on their platform. We must hold them accountable, AND close the southern border.60,000 migrants are headed to the southern border. Take action now, @POTUS.Great news for West Tennessee! @FedExs expansion will create more economic opportunities and provide businesses with an incentive to bring their operations to Humboldt.Secretary Austin and General Milley should resign over the botched Afghanistan withdrawal. @SASCGOPHeres my total at the gas pump today. Tennesseans are seeing outrageous inflation thanks to the Democrats reckless spending, and yet, Biden was just on Capitol Hill to convince his party to spend even more.FCC Commissioner @BrendanCarrFCC joins me on this weeks episode of Unmuted with Marsha. Watch as we discuss closing the digital divide and the importance of holding Big Tech accountable.There is a reason migrants are coming to the USA wearing Biden-Harris shirts.Actually, its me and 51 other Senators from both sides of the aisle standing in between you and your radical agenda. I stand for FREEDOM.Note to Facebook: this is straight from your own research.The American people do not want Bidens socialist agenda.Thank you to all those on the floors of our manufacturing plants that provide so much for our great nation. #ManufacturingDayOctober is #BreastCancerAwareness Month.  Please remember to check in with your doctor and schedule your screening regularly.Why are we not shocked, @POTUS? Its a bad look when Panama is calling you out, @SecMayorkas.They lied, and its time to investigate. The American people want the truth from Hillary Clinton and her campaign.The SIV application process is lengthy and can take years to complete. Find out more information belowIllegal immigration is out of control under your watch, @POTUS. #BuildTheWallThe influx of illegal immigration at the southern border will not stop until Joe Biden takes action. Build the wall.Biden turned over U.S. military equipment to the Taliban when he handed over Bagram Airfield. That is unacceptable.Desperation time for the Democrats as they try to force through their radical spending agenda. Its a disservice to the American people, and I will not agree to burden hardworking Tennesseans with higher taxes and inflation.Mark Zuckerbergs guiding principle for Facebook is profit.Facebook has both a legal and a moral obligation to stop collecting and using childrens data.Welcome to Tennessee, @Smith_WessonInc! We appreciate your significant investment in Maryville and look forward to partnering with you to expand our states economic development and exceptionally skilled workforce.Mark Zuckerberg only cares about moving fast and breaking things. So he moves fast to data mine and break young kids who should not even use his site.Facebook will do everything and anything to mold the world into its own image, without any regard for anything but its own pocketbook.It is absolutely unacceptable that Facebook conducts survey research into the digital interests of children as young as 8. All the while, they publicly deny this targeting of young children.Traffickers were using Facebook and Instagram to recruit women into domestic servitude. It appears Facebook knew this content was on its website, but did nothing to delete it until Apple threatened to drop Facebook from its app store.Facebooks claim that children under 13 are removed from their platforms is simply false. They perform market research on kids as young as 8 to learn how to recruit them.Facebook is fully aware that underage children are using their platforms, and they encourage older teen siblings to recruit them.According to 2019 CDC data, nearly 40 percent of American high school students reported experiencing sadness or hopelessness. And yet, knowing this from their own research, Facebook continues to exploit them and their data.Thank you to @SenBlumenthal and his staff for working with us on this critical hearing and on our ongoing investigation into Facebook.Big Tech cannot continue to go unchecked. It is time for a federal online privacy law.Its time for accountability from Facebook.Biden needs to realize Americans cannot afford his rapidly increasing socialist agenda.The American people are struggling to afford prices at the pump and checkout lines while Biden continues to run up the tab with his socialist takeover.Our government is running out of money because Joe Biden has been busy spending it all.General Milley colluded with Communist China to undermine U.S. interests. He should resign.Bidens tax and spending plan is only the beginning of a socialist takeover.It is unconscionable that the Biden administration still has no idea how many American citizens are stranded in Afghanistan.It appears Democrats in the White House and Congress are intentionally bankrupting the American people.While all our allies were working on getting all their citizens out, Biden failed to take action. Why is that?Joe Biden handed over control of Afghanistan to the Taliban.The truth is President Biden knew all along the Afghanistan withdrawal was going to be a disaster for Americans abroad and our allies.Always love talking to constituents! Tonight, I held a telephone town hall and heard from West Tennesseans who are concerned about the Biden administrations reckless spending spree and botched Afghanistan withdrawal.Todays hearing confirms what Ive said from the beginning: what happened in Afghanistan didnt have to happenit was the result of incompetent leadership.  Austin, McKenzie, and Milley should all resign.Tennesseans are rightfully angry at Biden and his administration for their operation in Afghanistan.Joe Biden inherited an orderly plan, and he ripped it up in favor of a chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan.Milley made himself a hero in the media instead of a hero to the men in his command.The withdrawal from Afghanistan is Joe Biden's biggest foreign policy disaster in his nearly 50 years in office.Will Milley, McKenzie, and Austin be remembered as the three who broke the military?Our veterans and military families deserve transparency from the Biden administration, and so far, theyve received everything but.Elizabeth Warren is attempting to do damage control for Joe Biden. Tennesseanssee through Warren and Biden's lies.Joe Biden broke his word to the American people and our Afghan allies when he left them behind in the hands of the Taliban.Mark Milley couldnt tell me whether the reports on him from authors he willingly spoke to were true or not. Clearly, he didnt do his homework before todays hearing!General Mark Milley spent hours with journalists spinning his egotistical self-promotion instead of doing his job.The Biden administration has failed us time and time again. The botched operation in Afghanistan is a new low.Joe Biden is responsible for the hundreds of Americans left behind enemy lines.Biden lied when he told Stephanopoulos no one advised him against his timeline-based withdrawal. His recklessness resulted in the deaths of 13 US servicemembers and abandonment of countless citizens & allies. Biden cant avoid the consequences of his actions. He must resign.What happened in Afghanistan was avoidable.Joe Biden's botched withdrawal put terrorists in control.Military advice was considered but not followed by President Biden.General Milley has to go.From what we are hearing, President Biden rejected military advice to keep 2,500 troops in Afghanistan, and then lied about it to the American people.It is absolutely unacceptable that this is the first time General Milley, Secretary Austin, and General McKenzie are appearing in a public hearing more than a month after the botched withdrawal.Mark Milley's actions put Communist China before the United States.General Mark Milley and Secretary Lloyd Austin should resign over the botched Afghanistan withdrawal.Tennesseans are angry. We deserve answers regarding the failure in Afghanistan.It's been nearly a month since the last U.S. troops left Afghanistan, and hundreds of American citizens are still trapped behind enemy lines. What is the Biden administration doing to rescue them?The American people deserve transparency and information regarding the Biden administration's botched withdrawal in Afghanistan.To my Democrat colleagues stop playing politics with how much spending you can force through. Address the problems that hardworking American families face each day.TN is leading the way for innovation. @Ford and SK Innovations investment in West TN will develop the next generation of American electric vehicles and battery production. Through this project, our state will gain access to trainings and workforce development for years to come.General Milley and Secretary Austin should resign, but since they won't, I'll be grilling them tomorrow @SASCGOP. Comment your top questions below.The American people deserve answers from the Biden administration on their catastrophic withdrawal from Afghanistan.Bidens inflation is yet another tax on the American people.Mass migration and campsites at our southern border will become a regular thing under President Biden and his policies.Tens of thousands of immigrants will continue to flood our border until President Biden puts an end to this insanity. #BuildTheWallThe $3.5T spending plan is made by socialists who want to remake America.Every state is a border state under Bidens border crisis.Facebooks decision to pause Instagram Kids is a step in the right direction to ensuring a safe environment, but there is still much work to be done. Big Techs pattern of choosing profit over the wellbeing of young users is extremely concerning & we must hold them accountable.All Tennesseans have the right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness and the freedom to say dumb things.Americans need to know the origins of COVID-19.To the beloved mothers and family members of our fallen heroes, we honor your strength, service, and sacrifice on behalf of our nations freedoms. Thank you.  #GoldStarMothersDay #GoldStarFamiliesDayDeeply saddened to hear Hardin County Deputy Matthew Locke was killed in the line of duty last night. Please join Chuck and me in praying for his loved ones and the Hardin County Sheriffs Department during this difficult time.Taxpayers are already on the hook for trillions of dollars worth of radical policies that will take more money out of the pockets of hardworking Americans.Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. Romans 12:12This is Joe Bidens Afghanistan.No Hearing, No Vote puts an end to the lefts backdoor budgets and forces politicians to own up to the citizens footing the bill.6,615 illegal immigrants have just been released into neighborhoods across the U.S. Did you vet every single one first, @DHSgov?What a special moment. Welcome home, Private First Class Harris!This is socialism, @JoeBiden.Bidens America includes an open border that lets immigrants illegally cross waters to enter this country.The Biden admin has put more mandates on Americans than illegal and unvetted immigrants.Colleges have become a breeding ground for intolerance and bigotry. This harassment should never be tolerated in our nation. #BackTheBlueRETWEET or LIKE if you think I should visit the southern border.The border crisis wasnt happening a year ago; its happening now under the watch and policy of Joe Biden.Im proud to be an American and stand with the amazing @TheLeeGreenwood.  @POTUS, Im surprised you dont agree. Why did you throw him off the council?Send Biden to Del Rio with the White House press corps.If Biden is the man with a plan, wheres the one for our border? I have one. 1 Reinstate Remain in Mexico 2 Put more boots on the ground 3 Build the wallJustice Connie Clark devoted her life to serving Tennesseans, and it is with a heavy heart that we mourn her passing. Justice Clark was a trailblazer in Tennessees legal community and has left a lasting impact on our state. Please join me in praying for her family.Love to see folks paying it forward at one of my favorite restaurants thats the Tennessee spirit. @PuckettsGroceryOur office has been in contact with ATF, TBI, and local authorities on the ground, and we are closely monitoring the situation in Collierville. We are praying for all of the victims.Upperman High School students in Putnam county have every right to join their communities in prayer. Its the First Amendment..@AOC and the squads crusade to cut funding from Israels Iron Dome will let terrorists kill innocent civilians. Their actions are reprehensible and not up for discussion.Over ten thousand immigrants are camped out at our southern border, and Joe Biden has failed to take responsibility.No student should feel ashamed to bow their head in prayer. We must do everything we can to always protect our religious freedoms.The United States is a country of innovation! This week, @senlummis and I sent a letter to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau urging for reduced regulation to promote American leadership and prominence in financial technology. Read more.@SHChamberTN, it was great to speak at your women in business conference. Together, we can continue to push for more women in leadership.Send Taliban terrorists to Guantanamo.  Send illegal immigrants to their home countries.What the Biden administration is doing is turning every town into a border town and every state into a border state. @ctlnmcfallThe Democrats want to hold our government hostage so they can force their socialist agenda into the budget.More out-of-control spending to fund radical policies = just another day for the Democrats.Facebook has failed to be transparent about collecting teens data, and they have failed to address the toxicity for young users on their platform.Investigate Joe and Hunter Bidens dealings with Communist China.We have no idea who is crossing our border right now. This is not how it should be.Facebook is going to do everything in their power to mislead consumers on what theyre up to. Thats why we must hold them accountable.Fly them home.Government agents subverted the lawful process for political purposes. The American people deserve full transparency, and thats only possible if the full report is made public.The radical left is planning to tax American businesses more than Communist China taxes its own businesses in order to force their socialist agenda on the country.The United States stands with Israel.The border crisis is a public health crisis. Why is Biden ignoring that?Members of the Taliban have no place on the world stage.The left wants illegal entry on demand.Protect our sovereignty. Protect our country. Secure the border and build the wall.Border crossers in Texas overtook staff on a transport bus and fled. No law enforcement was there to assist.There is a coordinated campaign by AOC and the squad to destroy Israel.  The left is pushing for a new Iran Nuclear Deal and to stop funding for the Iron Dome.Biden has lost control of the border.SSG Knauss was born to be a soldier, and died as the finest example of American heroism. May he Rest In Peace.Once again, the radical left shows their blatant disregard for supporting our ally Israel and Israels right to defend itself against Hamas terrorists.Replace CCP pawn and Wuhan Health Organization Director Tedros Ghebreyesus. @WHO @DrTedrosJoe Bidens foreign policy is stranding Americans in Afghanistan and supporting terrorists. #UNGA76Was Afghanistan Bidens example of diplomacy? Asking for all the Americans and our allies still stranded because of Joe. #UNGA76Today is a good day for @POTUS to let the CCP and our allies know we will hold the CCP accountable. Come on man. #UNGA76Our allies want to hear a message of strength, freedom, and resilience. Ready to lead. Confident. They do not want a weak, apologetic Joe Biden. #UNGA76Every reporter that downplayed the severity of this crises should be sent to the border and witness the thousands of immigrants illegally crossing our border right now.Biden wasnt dealt anything. He caused it.According to this whistleblower, Facebook has done nothing to stop the CCP from using their service to track down Uyghurs.We are witnessing a humanitarian and national security crisis at the border. The Biden administration must act immediately.Big Tech was never on your side. You are their product.The solution to ensure this doesnt happen is to build the wall, @SecMayorkas.The radical left is so intent on passing amnesty for illegal immigrants that they want to throw the rules out the window to get it done.As Secretary Mayorkas visits Del Rio today, he is getting a firsthand look at the chaos caused by Biden administrations open border policies.  Its time to build the wall and end the #BidenBorderCrisis.Today would be a good day to build the wall.Working with the Facebook whistleblower, my office has learned that Communist China is using WhatsApp and Messenger to send malware to the Muslim Uyghurs in order to track them and get their contacts.Jim @Acosta should be sent to Del Rio, Texas. If hes still looking for the national emergency, Ill gladly give him the directions.Last week, I introduced legislation with @SenatorHagerty to provide Hickman, Humphreys, and Perry counties with funding opportunities to strengthen the job market, encourage economic development & spur educational initiatives. Read more hereBig tech does not care about you or your children, they only care about you and your childrens data.Those working to defend our border are being put in harm's way from Joe Bidens open border policies.Honoring the 13 heroes who lost their lives defending freedom in Afghanistan, including Tennessee native StaffSergeantRyan Knauss, withCongressional Gold Medalsis the least we can do toexpress our deep appreciation for their service and sacrifice.Joe Biden prematurely announced a plan for COVID booster shots to distract from his failings in Afghanistan and at the southern border.The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases; His mercies never come to an end; they are new every morning; great is your faithfulness. Lamentations 3:22-23Facebook willfully turned a blind eye to human trafficking rings, cartel drug activity & toxicity towards younger users on their platform.  Their complacency makes it clear they are incapable of policing themselves. Now, its our job to hold them to account. @SenBlumenthalThank you, Loretta, and all musicians who came together to help those impacted by the Tennessee floods. Our resilience and desire to help our neighbors make the Volunteer State the best state in the nation.Illegal attempts to cross the southern border are up 318% compared to August 2020. #BidenBorderCrisisHappy Birthday, @usairforce! Thank you for defending our nation for 74 years.If undermining the Commander in Chief is routine, we have serious issues.The Biden Administration does not want you to see this footage. Thats why they banned drones from documenting the true extent of Bidens border crisis.The time to stand up for Hong Kong is now. Blinkens decision to delete tweets supporting the Hong Kong freedom fighters shouldnt be taken lightly.We will never allow the radical left to erase our Constitution and the freedoms it grants us. #ConstitutionDayThere is a worsening crisis at the southern border. Wheres Bidens border czar, @KamalaHarris?This is why you do not want the federal government in charge of rationing access to healthcare. Biden shouldnt be playing politics with healthcare. You go, @GovRonDeSantis.Electing Biden was a mistake.The U.S. has one Commander in Chief at a time. It has never been General Milley.Bidens border crisis is the worst its ever been. Build the wall.The Democrats played politics with our national security to spy on an incoming president and create a false narrative.Border patrol is holding 9,000 illegal aliens under a bridge in Texas. Now, the Biden Administration is preventing the media from capturing footage of the caravan.Yes. You got it, Tomi. They are very intentional. Future Democrat voters are what they want.We live in the greatest nation on earth because of the freedoms the U.S. Constitution protects.This is simply another attempt by the White House to suppress information on Bidens border crisis.General Milley should be removed as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs while his phone calls with Communist China are investigated.Did Nancy Pelosi ask General Milley to take an action outside of his chain of command?If General Milley failed to follow orders, thats dereliction of duty.If General Milley put China before the U.S., thats the definition of treason.Does Joe Biden think the Chinese Communist Party is an ally?The apparent pattern of systemic abuse at migrant facilities is heartbreaking. Until the Biden administration secures our southern border, women, children, and families will continue to suffer.Thank you for your faithful service, SSG Ryan Knauss.Biden and the Democrats continue to max out America's credit card.Thousands of immigrants are at our southern border right now, and the crisis is worsening by the day. The safety of our nation will remain at stake until our border is secured.Facebook knew the impact Instagram would have on teens and did nothing to stop it. Investigations are needed.Your rights and freedoms are not Joe Bidens priority.Joe, build the wall.The border crisis is still happening, and its still getting worse. @JoeBiden, when will enough be enough?Democrats are secretly attempting to pass amnesty for all in Bidens reckless spending plan.It is essential that we secure our border as the Taliban grows in power.This week, @SaraCarterDC joined me on Unmuted with Marsha to warn of the consequences of the Biden administrations failed withdrawal in Afghanistan & to give her firsthand experience working to get our citizens & Afghan partners out safely.  Watch here:Tennesseans do not support vaccine mandates.God bless Staff Sgt. Ryan Knauss and his family. Thank you for your sacrifice on behalf of your fellow Americans and country. @SenatorHagertyThe Abraham Accords offered a vision of peace, security, and prosperity in the Middle East and around the world. Weve seen tremendous progress towards these goals within the last year thanks to the signing of this historic document under President Trump.Joe Biden should resign for recklessly disregarding the advice he received from his military commanders on the ground. Bidens decision led to 13 servicemembers being murdered by terrorists.  @BrookeSingmanThank you @Simone_Biles, @McKaylaMaroney, @MagsGotSwag12 & @Aly_Raisman for your courageous testimony @SenJudiciaryGOP. Your bravery will help protect the next generation of athletes from abuse.Today is a good day for Antony Blinken to resign.It was great to meet with Randy Richardson, Executive Director of the International Port of Memphis this morning. Im working hard to ensure that the port has the resources it needs, as it is critical to the economy of Memphis and the entire region.Joe Bidens failure to have a plan led to a failed withdrawal in Afghanistan.Larry Nassars evil abuse was enabled by the complacency of the FBI. We cannot protect the next generation of women and girls if we do not fully exposethe FBI's failure to implement justice.Facebook knew of Instagrams negative impact on young users, and they failed to hold itself accountable.  Yesterday, I joined @SenBlumenthal in announcing a full investigation into Facebooks coverup to prioritize their profits over the wellbeing of children and teens.Joe Biden is weak and does not challengeCommunist China.Biden has no problem removing your rights and freedoms.Joe Biden and his administration categorically failed the American people in Afghanistan.  My @SASCGOP colleagues and I led a press conference following a classified hearing with General Austin Miller, the last commander of US Forces in Afghanistan.The Taliban released thousands of ISIS prisoners from jails in Afghanistan. There has never been a greater need to build the wall and secure our southern border.The American people havent forgotten your failed leadership and mess in Afghanistan, @JoeBiden.The Biden administration wants us to forget their botched Afghanistan operation the same way they forgot about the hundreds of Americans stranded in Taliban territory.What is Antony Blinken covering up?Youll know it when you see it? You got it.  We know a lie when we see it.It is completely unacceptable for the radical left to show up to Justice Brett Kavanaughs home and intimidate his family.Biden is not telling us the whole truth about what went down in Afghanistan.Bidens vaccine mandates are a threat to our freedoms.Tennessee's small businesses are suffering under the Biden administration's disastrous economic agenda.The Chinese Communist Party led an attempt to cover the truth since the beginning of the pandemic. The hidden deletion of data is inexcusable. Tennesseans are demandinganswers. @drewhinshawVaccine mandates have no place in the U.S..@AOC is making the most of her $30,000 Met Gala ticket with all her Hollywood elite friends.Whether you go or stay, you are still responsible.Joe Biden is putting our national security at risk by not securing the southern border. Build the wall.Ban vaccine mandates.No surprise to see Mark Zuckerberg bending his own rules to cave to the radical left. This is a gross abuse of power.The Taliban are not diplomats, @SecBlinken. Theyre terrorists seeking to do the U.S. harm.Kroger's prices are on the rise thanks to the Democrats' reckless spending, and the American people will suffer the consequences. Hang on to your wallet!With the Taliban back to creating a safe haven for terrorists in Afghanistan, why isn't Joe Biden doing anything to secure our southern border?Joe Biden and the radical left are forcing Americans to get vaccinated. This is a decision for doctors and patients not Washington bureaucrats.Americans and our allies are less safe with Joe Biden in charge.The U.S. stands with the people of Taiwan.The safety of Americans should be of utmost importance to the Biden administration. Build the wall.Back the blue.What a sweet surprise in honor of this years Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.You cannot force medical decisions onto Americans against their will.Communist China is blocking high school applications to attend UN functions that dont fit their authoritarian narrative over Taiwan.  What happened to fundamental freedoms for all, @UN?Thank you, @TNMilitaryDept! Tennesseans are so grateful for your help and service.Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and God of all comfort. 2 Corinthians 1:3May God bless this great nation and protect all who defend our freedoms.  Ladies, have you forgotten?We will never forget.Pray for those we lost on 9/11. Pray for their families. Pray for our first responders. Pray for our servicemembers. Pray for our nation.  #NeverForgetTwenty years ago today, we witnessed the most horrific attack on American soil in modern history.  Today, we are reminded of the price of freedom. God bless our brave men and women in uniform.Today, we pause to remember those who were killed at the hands of evil 20 years ago, and we honor the heroes who put love of country and their fellow citizens above all else. #NeverForgetOur border is overrun because those crossing it know Biden is weak and will do nothing about it.20 years ago, the U.S. launched into a War on Terror, & we found unity under a common love of freedom & set an example for other nations.  Today, that unity is fractured, leaving the U.S. more vulnerable than ever before.  Read my op-ed in @Tennessean:Bidens lack of action on our border has real consequences on American families.Bidens mandates never apply to those crossing our southern border.Its critical now more than ever we continue the fight for freedom, in honor of the bravery and sacrifice we witnessed on that day 20 years ago and every day since.Apple abused its power to profit off smaller companies. Businesses should be able to communicate w/ customers & not be held hostage by monopolistic behavior. This ruling underscores why my bill w/ @SenBlumenthal & @SenAmyKlobuchar is needed to increase competition in app stores.Four terrorists that President Obama freed in 2014 are now serving in senior roles within the newly formed Taliban government.  This is why you cant practice diplomacy with the Taliban. They are terrorists.Afghan women are showing tremendous courage against the Talibans attempts to silence and erase them. Join me in continuing to pray for their safety and in standing with them as they fight for their rights.What did the Biden administration know about Afghanistan, and when did they know it?Your tax dollars were used for the Wuhan lab. Fauci knew it, and he lied to you about it. Fire him.Joe Biden is sounding more like a dictator every day.The mainstream media wont talk about documents showing Faucis lies. Why? Because theyve poured their entire reputation into backing the bureaucracy and trusting the lefts propaganda.Wishing my colleague, @SenAmyKlobuchar, well following her diagnosis and treatment. An important reminder to keep up with screenings and checkups regularly.The American people deserve answers from the Biden administration on their catastrophic withdrawal from Afghanistan.God bless SSGT. Ryan Knauss and all our heroic men and women in uniform that sacrificed their life for those they never met.Biden has decided to withdraw his radical nominee for the ATF that wanted to ban Tennesseans hunting rifles. This is a step in the right direction to protect the Second Amendment in Tennessee and across the country.Fauci was well aware the Wuhan lab was being funded by American taxpayers, but he chose to lie under oath and protect the Chinese Communist regime.The American people deserve answers from the Biden administration over their failed planning in Afghanistan.Your rantings and efforts to erase women set back centuries of work by great women who fought to secure our rights and identity.And yet, were supposed to believe its possible the Taliban has changed? @SecBlinken @JakeSullivan46The Biden administration will choose teachers unions over kids every time.The Chinese lab that Fauci lied about was conducting research on coronavirus and bats before the outbreak. Isnt it odd that Fauci didnt want us to know?First, the Biden @StateDept left our citizens stranded in Afghanistan. Now, new evidence proves theyre getting in the way of efforts to evacuate our citizens.Communist China is making their message clear in their quest for global domination, but let me be even clearer: the United States stands with Taiwan.More confirmation of the Chinese coverup. Why did Fauci help the CCP?Kamala Harris helped free a man now charged with murder, and the leftist media is already trying to bury it.Bidens failure to secure the border proves he does not value Americas national security.All roads lead back to China.Bidens inept administration left hundreds of Americans in the hands of terrorists. Now,@StateDeptis refusing to allow U.S. citizens to leave Afghanistan. Thank you @glennbeck,@Mercury1Charity, &@thenazarenefundfor fighting to rescue Americans.Faucis lies are inexcusable. He owes Congress and the American people an honest answer on what is going on within our leadership and bureaucracy.Americas back? Sounds like the Taliban is backJoe Biden is silent. Jen Psaki is silent. The media is silent.  Nobody on the left wants to talk about Bidens phone call. Thats how you know something is wrong.TheBiden administrationis weak, andthe world knows it.Note to Antony Blinken: you cant conduct diplomacy with a group that does not have diplomats. They are terrorists.Bidens weakness got us here.The best way to celebrate Labor Day would be for Joe Biden to stop implementing his job-killing policy reforms.Let me save you some time  A crisis in Afghanistan. Inflation on the rise. An unsecured border in chaos. Not standing up to China.These extremely complex logistical issues to evacuate our citizens and Afghan partners should have been worked out before all our troops left.  It's time for Secretary Blinken to resign.Wishing a safe and happy Labor Day to all!Communist China is waiting for Biden to leave Taiwan behind. Communist China should understand Americans unequivocally stand with Taiwan.This is what helping your neighbor is all about. Great work, Cade!Be strong, and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for the Lord. Psalm 31:24Letting The Taliban Take Afghanistan  Ignoring The Border Crisis Recklessly Spending Tax Dollars These are the America Last policies of the Biden administration..@RepAdamSchiff demanded impeachment over a phone call.  Its clear Biden asked a foreign leader to lie in exchange for U.S. military support.  Adam, where are you?Millions of Americans already do every time you set our country back.We need a secure border now more than ever.Apples decision to recognize how its anti-competitive policies are hurting developers is a start. The Open App Markets Act I introduced with @SenBlumenthal and @SenAmyKlobuchar would make similar changes to help developers across the board.Biden is failing on every single policy front.While hundreds of Americans are still stranded in Afghanistan, the Biden @StateDept is busy trying to negotiate a climate deal with Communist China.There is absolutely nothing unclear about asking the President of Afghanistan to tell the world things are going well whether it is true or not.We dont take orders from terrorists.Biden is helping secure the Tajikistan border, but is turning a blind eye to the crisis at the southern border of the United States.  Once again, he is demonstrating his consistent inability to put Americans first.2 years ago, we heard a lot about quid pro quo and a phone call.  Impeach Biden.How soon until Twitter starts censoring us for asking about Bidens phone call?The Biden administration missed the mark by nearly half a million jobs in August. Joes plan is back to broke for millions of hardworking families.Joe Biden asked Afghanistans President to lie in exchange for U.S. military support.  Thats quid pro quo.The United States of America does not leave our citizens behind enemy lines. Its time the Biden administration answer questions regarding their failure to plan that caused this crisis.Joe Biden abandoned dozens of American children in the hands of terrorists.Joe Biden must secure our homeland by securing our southern border.Biden was busy pushing a socialist agenda to transform America instead of getting Americans out of Afghanistan.You did this, @JoeBiden.Joe Biden left billions of dollars in weaponry for the Taliban to use against us and our allies. This is a direct result of his administration not having a plan.Couldnt agree more, Jen. Give us the transcript between Biden and Afghanistans President. Prove to us that Biden didnt tell him to lie.This is unacceptable. What happened to no one left behind?Chuck and I join Tennesseans in praying for all victims of Hurricane Ida and for the first responders and volunteers who are continuing their work to restore the impacted communities.When Joe Biden was stranded in Afghanistan, he was rescued.  Yet, he still has left hundreds of Americans stranded.  Biden has learned nothing.This is a monumental step forward to safeguarding the right to life all across the country.Tens of billions of your tax dollars have now funded the Talibans weaponry because of Bidens missteps.Joe Bidens weak leadership has created a crisis in Afghanistan and a crisis at the southern border.Joe Biden has done more for the Taliban and the Chinese Communist Party than he has for American families.Jen Psaki wont talk about Bidens phone call because she knows Joe is lying to us.We can not keep living in a constant state of fear because of Joe Bidens weak leadership.Inflation is out of control, but for some reason, Democrats keep coming up with more ways to spend your tax dollars. It just doesnt add up.Thank you to all our veterans, NGOs and former operators who have stepped in to assist those stranded in Afghanistan. Once again, youve answered the call to serve our nation and assist those stranded by Joe Bidens failed withdrawal.Joe Biden instructed the Afghan President to lie to the world about the Taliban.Secure the southern border.Ryan was a man of great faith, a loyal son and husband, and a true American hero who represents the very best of what it means to be a Tennessee Volunteer. Thank you, Ryan.Staff Sgt. Ryan Knauss gave his all in service to his country and displayed tremendous courage in the midst of cruelty. Yesterday, it was a great honor to express my deepest gratitude to Ryans family for their sacrifice and learn more about the son they knew and loved.13 U.S. servicemembers are never coming home, and hundreds of our citizens and allies were left stranded because of Biden's weak, irresponsible decisions.  Joe Biden and every official involved should resign.Joe Biden wont leave anyone behind unless youre an American in Afghanistan.Biden has put the safety of every American at risk by enabling the Taliban.Just going to leave this hereAfghanistan is now a safe haven for terrorists because of Joe Biden.Joe Biden has almost 50 years of weak foreign policy experience.This operation was a disaster and no press conference can hide that. Resignations are needed..@jrpsaki, would you call the hundreds of Americans Joe Biden left behind in Afghanistan stranded?Another Biden press conference that leaves the American people with even less reassurance.If Biden was so concerned about the safety of American people, he wouldnt have stranded Americans in Afghanistan.Less talk, more action. Bring our stranded overseas Americans home.Americans were left in the hands of terrorists and all Biden can talk about is progress.The Taliban is stronger than ever because of Joe Biden.Once again, Joe Biden only wants to take credit for all the people his administration evacuated, while blaming everyone else for his failure to get every American and our allies out of harms way.Joe Biden had months to enact a precise plan, but instead, he let time run out and left Americans stranded.While Joe Biden takes his victory lap, American citizens and Afghan partners are stranded and fearing for their lives.Its time the U.S. follows suit to reduce Big Techs app store influence. I urge Congress to swiftly pass my bill with @SenBlumenthal and @SenAmyKlobuchar that will help ensure fair competition for innovative startups.Biden promised the country U.S. forces would stay and rescue all Americans in Afghanistan. He broke his word and left them in the hands of the Taliban.First, we armed the Taliban with over $80 billion in U.S. equipment, and now were considering giving them more aid?  In case you forgot, @JakeSullivan46, the Taliban is a terrorist organization.The Taliban is already working to establish themselves as a legitimate government in the international community. This is what weakness yields.Biden told us U.S. troops would stay if Americans remained stranded by his arbitrary deadline.  His deadline has come, Americans are still stranded, and hes pulled our troops out.$85 billion of U.S. weaponry is in the hands of the Taliban because of Joe Biden.The mainstream medias attachment to defending Biden is insufferable.This operation is not over until every American is out of harm's way.Joe Biden has put Americans last since the day he was sworn into office.  Again, he needs to resign.The Afghanistan war is not over. Joe Biden decided to quit and leave our citizens and allies behind..@PressSec just said its been misreported that the Biden administration gave a list of names to the Taliban.  Joe Biden, 3 days ago:  I cant tell you with any certitude that theres actually been a list of names It could very well have happened.Please remain aware of your surroundings and follow the guidance from your local weather and safety officials. #HurricaneIdaTennesseans are outraged. We need answers from the Biden administration, because we need to know every lie they told us.  Each person involved in this failed operation should testify under oath immediately.Its time for accountability. Blinken and Sullivan need to testify under oath on how this operation went so terribly wrong under their watch.Congratulations, @RepStefanik, on the beautiful baby boy! Being a parent is one of lifes greatest blessings. Chuck and I wish you, Matt, and baby Sam all the best as you begin this new chapter.The world is fast becoming a danger zone under the weak leadership of Joe Biden.We lost our substantial leverage over the Taliban the day the Biden administration handed over Bagram Airfield, U.S. intel, and over $80 billion in military equipment.Who is calling the shots in the Biden administration?  Obviously, it is not @POTUS.The Biden administration has hit new lows every day. Giving U.S. intel to a terrorist organization was beyond thinkable.Its been one week since the flooding devastated Dickson, Hickman, Houston, and Humphreys counties. Individuals affected in those areas can apply for federal assistance by calling 800-621-3362 (TTY: 800-462-7585) or clicking hereThank you to these brave men and women and their families for making the ultimate sacrifice. May God bless them.If the reports are true, and the Biden administration willfully gave control of Kabul to the Taliban, they have yet again shown their complicity for a terrorist takeover..@POTUS, the Taliban is not now and never will be a friend to America.Pray for our servicemembers. Pray for our stranded citizens. Pray for our Afghan partners. Pray for our nation.The epitome of the Volunteer Spirit! Thank you, Joel, for stepping in to help your neighbors and save lives.Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go. Joshua 1:9Bidens giving up on stranded Americans. That is not appropriate behavior for the commander in chief.The Taliban is not our ally. You do not provide the Taliban with U.S. intel.Unacceptable. Every Biden Administration official who allowed this to happen should resign immediately.Heroes. Thank you to these brave Americans for giving your all in service to your country.General Milley helped execute one of the worst foreign policy plans our military has seen. He should resign.Bidens decision that provided the Taliban with American names is salt in the wound.God bless the men and women in our military who are on the front lines fighting for our citizens and allies.While no words could ever be enough, I join Tennesseans and all Americans in extending my deepest condolences to Ryans family. Chuck and I are praying for them during this time of unimaginable pain and loss.Ryan embodies American heroism saving people he had never met before, in the face of persistent evil. We will never forget his sacrifice in service to his country.Staff Sgt. Ryan Knauss of Knoxville was among those servicemembers killed during yesterdays terrorist attack at the Kabul airport.Some good news thank you to @Verizon for lending a helping hand to Tennesseans impacted by last weekends flooding.It is unconscionable that the State Department can not answer whether the Taliban deserve a seat at the UN.  Let me help you @StateDeptSpox terrorists do not deserve to be recognized.Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin knew Americans were stranded, and failed to get Americans home. He should resign.There are no words for this total betrayal of our citizens and Afghan partners. This is not the behavior of a leader and a commander in chief.Bidens handlers have resorted to shoving the press corps out of the room like sheep is this the USA or is it the old Soviet Union?Heartbreaking. Does the White House still believe this is a success?The U.S. stands with our ally Israel, and we must ensure Iran is NEVER allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon.The Biden administration just said they expect further attacks in Afghanistan. What we saw yesterday was due to a direct result of Bidens weak leadership, and we cannot sit back and wait for it to happen again.Blinken knew terrorists were coming. He should resign.Kamala was the last person in the room when these decisions were made. She should resign..@POTUS has failed in his duty as commander in chief to protect our servicemembers. He should resign.The Biden Administration had no plan and no strategy. They put Americans directly into harms way causing American casualties.  Resignations are needed.This is a day for everyone to come together to listen to what the commanders on the ground need and to support our military.  I am hopeful @POTUS will do exactly that..@POTUS and his administration should have never made the political decision to withdraw by a specific date just so they could take a victory lap on the 20th remembrance of 9/11.What could be more important than being transparent with the American people and showing the world America is strong?Who is in charge at the White House? Biden couldnt even answer questions from the press without a list from his White House handlers. Imagine whats going on in the situation room!Now Jen Psaki is going to do clean up for Biden.Joe Biden just said it was NOT a mistake to have the Taliban patrol the perimeter of the airport. What planet is he living on?Absolutely reckless and horrific.  The Biden Administration gave the Taliban a kill list while lying to us, saying they didnt have details on every name and whereabouts.  Every single person involved must resign or be impeached.Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Antony Blinken, Lloyd Austin and General Milley should all resign or face impeachment and removal from office.Joe Biden pledged a forceful response against any attack on US servicemembers. He must follow through on his word make these terrorists pay.I am devastated to hear several of our servicemembers lost their lives today. We owe a debt of gratitude to them for their sacrifice & pray for comfort for their families. Terrorism is a grave & evil threat, & we must do everything in our power to hold our enemies accountable.My prayers are with our brave troops, U.S. citizens, and Afghan partners in harms way and those injured in todays attack.When will Joe Biden stop putting America last?Bidens plan in Afghanistan is pro-China.Joe Biden has led our country straight into danger.The Biden Administration knows the exact number of people whove been vaccinated in our military, but cant find our citizens in Afghanistan to bring them home safely.The Secretary of State will not take responsibility for this massive failure and humanitarian crisis. It will be up to Congress to hold them accountable.The Biden Administration is already beginning to shift the blame if Americans get stranded in Afghanistan after August 31.Its frightening that the Secretary of State cant give a straight answer on how many Americans are still trapped in Afghanistan.Save our citizens. Save our allies. No matter how long it takes, @POTUS.The Biden Administration said they will get every American out who wants to leave, but behind closed doors, they expect to possibly leave thousands stranded.  More lies.We are watching a crisis of terrorism in the Middle East. We do not need to bring that here close the border.In Tennessee, veterans are up in arms that President Biden is leaving Americans and our partners behind. Its an absolute insult to those who have served our nation honorably.Biden has done more in Afghanistan to benefit the Chinese Communist Party than the Americans stranded overseas.Bidens idea of Build Back Better is letting the Taliban call the shots.Joe Biden is taking a victory lap on his socialist domestic agenda, while thousands of American citizens are trapped in Afghanistan.Bidens weakness is showing, and Chinas catching on.So, we have less than a week to get all Americans and allies out before we leave them to be abused and killed at the hands of the Taliban?Always a pleasure to visit with leaders in Robertson County to get their perspective on the local issues and how we can best support them.A huge step in the right direction to secure our southern border.Joe Biden needs to learn that US military are not cowards. They are the bravest fighting force on earth.Joe Bidens arbitrary campaign promise to leave Afghanistan by August 31 will have deadly consequences. The United States should not leave Afghanistan until every single American citizen along with our Afghan partners are evacuated.In Clarksville, just miles from Fort Campbell, I spoke with members of the Rotary club who are outraged at the Biden Administrations lack of planning in Afghanistan, and I reaffirmed my commitment always to support our brave troops and their families.Bidens only plan is depending on the Taliban.Evacuations shouldnt end until every American and Afghan partner is safe..@jrpsaki we have a list for you.We cant get our citizens out of Afghanistan and our southern border is wide open all thanks to Joe Biden.Joe Biden is a threat to our national security.This morning, I had a productive meeting with Cheatham County Mayor Kerry McCarver and Cheatham County ECD Director Jerome Terrell to discuss how we can support small businesses and further grow Tennessees economy.Where is Joe Biden?America is the land of the free because we are the home of the brave. Someone please tell Biden what brave means.Joe Biden put Taliban in charge.This is the beginning of the end for the Biden presidency.Joe Biden is leaving Americans behind enemy lines.Joe Biden is weak and has crippled Americas strength. He is leaving Americans and our allies behind.Biden has empowered the Taliban.Jen Psaki is either a liar or as clueless as Biden on how dire the situation in Afghanistan has become.By definition, Americans are stranded in Afghanistan. @PressSecJoe Biden set a hard deadline with no plan in place to get Americans and our Afghan partners out by that deadline and now hes letting the Taliban call the shots.Thank you, @POTUS, for quickly approving @GovBillLees request for a disaster declaration. This will provide those affected by the flooding in Humphreys County with federal support as they begin to recover and rebuild their community.Promises were made that should have been kept.Many Americans are trapped behind terrorist lines and unable to get to the Kabul airport.  Id call that stranded, @PressSec.Today, @SenatorHagerty and I, along with @RepMarkGreen and @repjimcooper, sent a letter to @POTUS asking him to swiftly approve @GovBillLees request for a Major Disaster Declaration due to catastrophic flooding in Middle TN this weekend.Thank you, @iingwen.Joe Biden is a weak leader and our allies and adversaries know it.Cluelessness in the White House.More tone-deafness from the Democrats. While Americans are stuck behind Taliban lines in Afghanistan, they are desperate to get to their socialist takeover of the country.Thank you to the @TNMilitaryDept for stepping in to help conduct search and rescue operations in Humphreys County. Your service to our state is always much appreciated.As I witnessed firsthand yesterday, the devastation in Humphreys County is extensive. But Tennesseans are resilient, and its great to see so many volunteers already coming together to help their neighbors in need.Today, I joined @GovBillLee, @SenatorHagerty, & @T_E_M_A to give an update on the devastation in Middle TN. Were ready to assist Gov. Lee and local mayors as they address the needs on the ground.  Thank you to all of our emergency officials, volunteers, & prayer warriors.The Volunteer Spirit is indeed alive and well. Thank you to volunteers from all across the state for stepping in and lending a helping hand during this difficult time for so many.On the ground in Humphreys County, I am speaking with locals whove lost homes, loved ones, and livelihoods.  We stand ready to assist and appreciate the swift action by @T_E_M_A to organize shelters and begin repairs.It's heartbreaking to learn the loss of life has increased from last nights flooding in Middle TN. @GovBillLee, @SenatorHagerty, and I are on our way to the affected area to meet with community leaders and those impacted by the devastation.This Sunday, we pray for our troops in Afghanistan. We pray for the Americans & allies who are stranded & can't get to the airport to evacuate. We pray for those who have lost their lives & have been impacted by floods. We pray for those who suffer with covid & pray for healing.Praying for those impacted by the storm and horrible flooding in Middle Tennessee. @T_E_M_A has set up shelters around Humphreys, Dickson, and Hickman counties for survivors, and my office is continuing to monitor the situation.Phil Valentine was a visionary for the conservative movement, and he made an enormous impact on the lives of many Tennesseans. My deepest condolences and prayers are with Phils wife, Susan, and his family. May they be comforted and surrounded by love during this difficult time.The liberal media is desperate to shift the blame off of Joe Biden.The Biden administration guaranteed to evacuate every American wanting to flee. How does that happen if they cant go to the airport?A secure homeland means a secure border.Why dont we have the exact number of Americans stranded in Afghanistan? Why arent they home? You need to do better, @JoeBiden.Biden must create a detailed plan immediately to save the lives of Americans and our Afghan allies in Kabul.In Knoxville, I joined community leaders and residents to honor the legacy of Master Sergeant Roddie Edmonds, a WWII hero who put himself in harms way to save hundreds of lives.An open border is an open door for terrorism. Weve all seen whats happening in Afghanistan the time to secure the border is now.Biden caused this disaster.Joe Biden said there is no circumstance where Americans have been blocked from the Kabul airport. This is a lie. My office has received reports of Americans unable to enter the airport. We have told @StateDept and nothing has been done about it.There was nothing reassuring about that press conference.France is getting their people back from Afghanistan. The U.K. is getting their people back. Why isnt Biden? There is no valid answer.This is what happens when you still don't have a plan, @JoeBiden.Joe Biden needs to take questions regarding the crisis he created in Afghanistan.Afghan women are being silenced, threatened, and harmed at the hands of the Taliban. Where is @VP Harris standing up for their rights?Always good to be in @SevierCounty with @DaleCarrTN, @RepAndrewFarmer and local leaders for Coffee and Conversation! Thank you to @mayorwaters office and @scudgas for hosting us.Bidens Secretary of State knew terrorists were coming for Americans and Afghans and he didnt do a thing.How do Biden and Harris not recognize the destruction their weak decisions have caused?Unless Biden secures it, the southern border will become an avenue for our adversaries and terrorists. It is utterly irresponsible not to build the wall.Build the wall, Joe!First, they halted the Keystone XL Pipeline, and then they allowed Nord Stream. Now, they are trying to stop Alaskan drilling.  The Biden Administration is good at one thing killing jobs.In June, former Ambassador Crocker estimated that over 70,000 people needed to be evacuated from Afghanistan by the U.S. government. Today, the situation is even more dire. We must follow through on our commitment.Great conversation with @BristolChamber, First Bank & Trust Company, and Bristol community leaders. Its clear Tennesseans want infrastructure that will improve roads, bridges, waterways, railways, and broadband and thats what Im continuing to fight for in the U.S. Senate.Sickening. Praying for Christians in Afghanistan.For over a year, players, fans and vendors were kept out of the ballpark. This afternoon, I visited with the @KingsportAxmen to discuss my bipartisan legislation that provides emergency assistance to MiLB clubs in the Volunteer State and across the nation. @VisitKingsportKamala Harris said she was the last person in the room when they planned their failed Afghanistan exit. Where is she?Lies on lies. The Biden administration knew terrorists were coming, and they stayed silent.Kingsport is home to many entrepreneurs. Today, I met with several community leaders there to tour the new city hall facility and talk about how I can best represent Kingsports business interests in Washington.If the @WSJ report that Secretary Blinken knew terrorists were coming to Kabul is true, and he did nothing about it, then he needs to resign immediately.The border crisis is a national security crisis.Joe Biden needs to fire his national security team, starting with Jake Sullivan.The Biden Administrations lack of planning has directly caused this heartbreaking reality for Afghan mothers.Its always a pleasure to visit with Mayor Jim Lee, @nltbarker, @garyhicksjr, and the Hawkins County Chamber in Rogersville to discuss the importance of protecting local business owners.Joe, where are you today? He failed and wont provide answers to the American people.My office is getting reports of Americans and U.S. visa holders being turned away and unable to enter the Kabul airport.Joe Biden needs to take action now and order the military to expand the perimeter and provide safe passage.Did Joe Biden lie to the American people when he said no ones being killed in Afghanistan or is he that uninformed?Another great morning in East Tennessee! Thank you to Mayor Gary Chesney, @hcmayorbill, and Chamber President Marshall Ramsey for the warm welcome in @visitmorristown.If Joe Biden refuses to secure the border during these desperate times, he is going against the will of the American people and his constitutional duty.Joe Biden has a constitutional duty to protect the homeland. With a growing crisis in the Middle East fueled by the Commander in Chief, it is essential we prioritize our security.Biden still won't face the American people to take responsibility for his incompetent leadership that caused the disaster in Afghanistan.Joe Biden had no plan in Afghanistan.Today, I led a letter with over 40 of my @SenateGOP colleagues to @TheJusticeDept, demanding AG Garland publicly release the full report and allow Durham to continue his investigationOver 2 years into the Durham investigation of how the Obama-Biden FBI spied on an incoming president, and we still do not have answers.Theyre a terrorist organization, Joe.Joe Biden is putting our national security at risk by keeping our border open.Had an impactful conversation with the Greene County Partnership. Tennesseans want to see their leaders in Washington focused on access to rural broadband and healthcare, not expensive reckless tax and spend sprees.Biden must take ownership for his weak leadership that led to the crisis in Afghanistan, and immediately put a plan in place to bring every American home safely..@POTUS your inaction is allowing the Taliban to attack Americans in Afghanistan. We must not allow terrorists to cross the southern border and inflict harm on Americans. Close the border today!It's clear Biden is trying to distract the American people from the crisis in Afghanistan caused by his weak leadership, but we won't soon forget.Our team is working to help loved ones of Tennesseans who are trapped in Afghanistan. Email afghanistan.evac@blackburn.senate.gov if you need assistance.  If you are a veteran struggling, contact the Veterans Crisis Line at 1-800-273-8255Today marks 101 years since Tennessee became the 36th and final state to ratify our 19th amendment. What an honor it is to represent a state that has had an important role in the womens suffrage movement.Pleased to meet with some faculty and students at @Tusculum_Univ Tennessees first university. For over 200 years, the Tusculum Pioneers have been equipping young adults with the tools they need to be Christian leaders in their communities.Back in May, I questioned Secretary David Helvey on China and Irans potential involvement in a post U.S.-occupied Afghanistan.  Today, its clear: the Talibans takeover of Afghanistan is our loss and China and Irans gain.Will Biden answer any questions regarding his Administrations failure in Afghanistan?Its apparent Joe Biden is using COVID to hide from his Afghanistan disaster.Biden has demonstrated incompetence. He left Americans to be stranded in Afghanistan during one of the most violent situations. Shameful.There is a crisis in the Middle East. The border needs to be secured immediately to prevent any terrorist from entering our county.Jonesborough is home to many prosperous businesses including the historic Jackson Theatre. Appreciate Administrator Glenn Rosenoff and Malcolm Highsmith showing me the restoration site.Joe Biden has proved to the world he is unable to lead our military.The crisis in Afghanistan can cause overwhelming emotional stress for those who have served our country. If you or someone you know is struggling with this situation, the Veterans Crisis Line is available to help.  1-800-273-8255Thank you to the @jcchamber for hosting a great roundtable with @tnjcwise and other @cojctn leaders!You did it Joe! America is back to negotiating with terrorists.Joe Biden is a weak leader who is unable to execute his job.The Biden Administration wasnt prepared for the Talibans takeover of Afghanistan, despite warnings back in May.Next, I toured Moog Protokraft, where they design and manufacture advanced technology for military aircrafts like the F-22 fighter jet, P-8 Poseidon anti-submarine aircraft, and the B-52 Bomber. Their world-class engineering is a fundamental part of East Tennessee.Great to be at the LabConnect facility for their expansion in Johnson City with @RepHarshbarger. LabConnects presence will bring 200 new jobs to the area, along with medical innovation through testing and clinical trials.This is why the border must be closed. Communist China, Mexican cartels, and terrorists will use this unpatched hole.This morning, I began the day in Carter County to meet with community leaders about their priorities. Small businesses and entrepreneurs are critical to Tennessees economy, and I will continue to fight for the resources they need to be successful.China is expanding its genocide operations we cannot remain silent any longer.God bless our troops answering the call to serve.If Biden cares for America first, he will do everything in his power to prevent this.China will take advantage of Joe Bidens incompetent leadership when given the chance.Bidens weak decisions have propelled China, Russia, and Iran to work directly with the Taliban while the U.S. practices strategic patience. Shameful.Thank you, @GovBillLee for your leadership! Parents should be able to make their own decision about what's best for their child.The Biden Administration just said they cant guarantee all Americans will be evacuated from Afghanistan. This is weak, failed leadership, and its unacceptable.Joe Biden has not spoken to a single world leader since the fall of Afghanistan. This is not what you expect from the leader of the free world.Our enemies are laughing at us right now. This is weak leadership, @JoeBiden, and theres no excuse.The Chinese Communist Party is already financing a road that will run from Afghanistan to Xinjiang.Illegal border crossings are at a 21-year high Inflation is crippling many Americans  Afghanistan fell to the Taliban  Is this Joe Bidens definition of Build Back Better?Please join me in praying for our brave troops on the ground in Kabul, for our own countrys healing, and for the Afghan people as they face Taliban oppression.Joe Biden will throw anyone under the bus before taking responsibility for his incompetent leadership.The Biden Administration doesnt have a plan to prevent U.S. equipment from falling into the hands of the Taliban.Biden has revealed just how weak he is, and the Chinese Communist Party is taking advantage of it.Joe Bidens presidency is a crisis of confidence.Joe Biden and Kamala Harris let the Taliban take control of Afghanistan. This is what weak leadership looks like.My team & I are closely monitoring the heartbreaking situation in Afghanistan, & we are doing everything possible to help those trapped or needing information. Please contact afghanistan.evac@blackburn.senate.gov if you are a Tennessean & have a loved one in need of assistance.Why did the American people have to wait 6 days to hear from their leader while we watched Afghanistan crumble? Joe Biden is not a leader..@JoeBiden, rather than speak out for rights of women and girls, do something about it. Save their lives..@JoeBiden is placing the blame for Afghanistans collapse on everyone but himself. How is this competent leadership?Beijing is pleased with Joe Biden allowing the Taliban to take over Afghanistan. It gives them a direct land route to Iran..@JoeBiden dont tell us about your experience, obviously you are misinformed.Russia and China are not strategic competitors. They are our enemies.What message are we sending to Tehran? This is weak leadership from Joe Biden.Joe Biden is a weak leader who has been wrong on almost every foreign policy issue in the last 40 years.The architects of Joe Bidens weak Afghanistan policy are the same people who work on his failed Iran policy.  Cc: @JakeSullivan46Joe Biden cut military funding by nearly $400 billion, and Senate Democrats went along with it. Now, the Taliban is running rampant and has taken control of Afghanistan..@CNN, those who wish America or our partners harm are never peaceful.I missed @AOC standing up for the millions of women and girls in Afghanistan who will be punished for simply being a woman.The Taliban is willing to make a deal with Communist China a government that is performing genocide against Muslims.Another day, and its crickets from the squad regarding the fear and suffering of the Afghan women.At this precarious time, our nations military, veterans, and citizens are asking to hear from their Commander in Chief regarding the situation in Afghanistan.The Chinese Communist Party will reap the benefits from a Taliban-controlled Afghanistan.The people of Afghanistan are paying the price for your weak leadership with their lives, @POTUS.Where is the squad standing up for human rights in Afghanistan?Joe Biden is weak, and our enemies know it. Kamala Harris is weak. And they let the Taliban take over Afghanistan.We can't wait days. Too many lives are at stake.This is what Joe Bidens responsible exit from Afghanistan looks like.Joe Biden is weak, and our enemies know it.Joe Biden, July 8, 2021:  Theres going to be no circumstance where you see people being lifted off the roof of a embassy. Today:On this mournful Sunday, Im praying for the people of Afghanistan.The reports of commercial flights being halted out of Kabul are heartbreaking. Thousands are gathered outside the gates of the airport. @SecDef and @SecBlinken must act now.Joe Biden, July 8, 2021:  The likelihood theres going to be the Taliban overrunning everything and owning the whole country is highly unlikely.We are grateful for the ultimate sacrifice Army Pvt. Warren G.H. DeVault made for his country nearly 65 years ago. May he forever rest in peace in his home state of Tennessee.And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. 1 Corinthians 13:13Bidens precipitous withdrawal of U.S. troops has jeopardized our national security and pushed millions of Afghan women, children, and those who worked as U.S. military interpreters directly into harms way. This is an utter disaster.The rapid destruction of legitimate governance in Afghanistan could have been avoided. In a matter of weeks, the Taliban has unraveled twenty years of progress made by American servicemembers.If you look up inflation in the dictionary, theres a picture of Joseph R. Biden.Forcing children to wear a mask inside the classroom is not in line with following the science.America is clearly not back.This is what happens when you leave a void.My prayers go out to those affected by todays devastating earthquake in Haiti. May God comfort the Haitian people and bring restoration during this terrible situation.Every state is a border state until President Biden secures the border.Join me in wishing @SenatorHagerty a very happy birthday today! Serving alongside you on behalf of Tennesseans is an honor.Reinstate Remain in Mexico, end catch and release, and build the wall. Those are the only policy options that should be on the table.The Biden Administrations failed border policies are catching up with them, and they know it. Why wont Secretary Mayorkas be honest with the American people publicly?You'll never see the liberal media covering this.  DHS Secretary Mayorkas just admitted in private that the border crisis is unsustainable.VP Harris must do the job assigned to her and address this crisis. Immediately.Democrats stole $107 billion of your tax dollars to pay for illegal immigrants entry into this country.Funding illegal immigration is a new low for the Democrats.Reducing Big Techs app store gatekeeping power would allow for more innovation and transparency for startups.Every conservative voice is at risk under the Biden Administration and Big Tech.Everyone knows there is a growing crisis at our border, why is Biden letting it get worse?Biden killed American jobs by closing the Keystone XL Pipeline. Now, he is sending more taxpayer dollars overseas to nations who already hold over $360 billion in U.S. debt.  Welcome to his America Last agenda.Rising inflation is a serious concern for Tennesseans and American families. Left-wing policies got us here, and they sure wont help us later.It's about time. The Chinese Communist Party should be held fully responsible for its role in the coronavirus outbreak.The Chinese Communist Party is pleased with the decisions Joe Biden has made in office.No American should be forced to fund illegal immigration.Every time radical leftists force Bidens hand, he caves. We will not.Your children should not bear the damage of Critical Race Theory, and you should not bear the cost of funding it.When will enough be enough? We have hundreds of thousands of migrants at our border, and Joe Biden is turning a blind eye to this crisis.This is not hard: build the wall, reimplement Remain in Mexico, and end catch and release.Democrats want illegal immigrants voting in our elections.Ive never met a man tough enough to survive pregnancy and childbirth. The recent movement to erase women is disturbing and has made its way into our bureaucracy.Stop funding illegal immigrants and start funding American citizens.Its a simple rule: only legal citizens cast legal ballots in our elections.They want to put illegal immigrants before American citizens.The leftist climate proposal forces middle-class Americans to foot the bill for an agenda they do not want.Inflation will continue going up until President Biden ends his tax and spending spree. Joe needs to change course the American people cant wait any longer.Democrats actually funded illegal immigrants with $107 billion of your tax dollars.Apple and Google want to prevent developers and consumers from using third-party app stores that would threaten their bottom line.  @SenBlumenthal and I discuss the Open App Markets ActIt was always the China virus. They lied about its origins and we all know it.Voter ID and border security are essential to protecting our nations sovereignty. Why are Democrats opposed to both?Joe Biden is power and control hungry. Maybe hes forgotten, but he does not have unilateral power to dictate our lives.Big Tech giants are forcing their own app stores on users at the expense of innovative start-ups. @SenBlumenthalWe cannot afford $4.2 trillion in new spending. How much would we have to borrow from China to pay for this?Hardworking taxpayers do not want to foot the bill for illegal immigrants who break the law to get here. We are a nation of laws.Silicon Valley knows that the biggest threat to its business model is fewer devices in hands, yet it has foolishly instigated a culture clash between innovators and the users who hold them accountable. Read my latest column via @Forbes:Bernie Sanders wants you, the American people, to fund the Green New Deal and amnesty for illegal aliens.School choice would allow parents to send their children to schools that RESPECT their voice. #NoMasksForChildrenWhile America is asleep, Democrats are attempting to legalize ballot harvesting and vote trafficking.In the dead of night, Schumer and Bernie are attempting to federalize all elections and ban voter ID laws.Bernies socialist agenda.@SenKevinCramer Thank you!Bernies budget would:   $4.2 trillion in new spending $45 trillion in national debt by 2031 $1.6 trillion annual average deficitsTheyre going to keep repackaging the Green New Deal in every new bill, but Tennesseans are speaking out.  They say no to the Green New Deal.Joe Biden has caved to the radical left if he signs Bernies budget into law.Bernie's budget would allow a simple majority of Senators free reign to declare anything and everything an emergency.  Without my proposed amendment, fiscal discipline will go out the window.Congress should not be allowed to declare anything and everything an emergency and recklessly spend Americans hard earned tax dollars.Bernie Sanders priorities for our country are on full display in his $4.2T budget.Biden and Bernie want you to foot the bill for a climate agenda that puts them in power permanently.Forcing children to wear masks will be detrimental to their well-being. Masks do not make sense for children and the school boards decision will have grave consequences.Thank you Clay and the dozens of Tennessee parents for standing up for common sense. No masks for kids! @ClayTravisDemocrats ignore the border crisis and refuse to secure it but put forward plenty of money for amnesty for illegals. What is their goal?  This is a liberal wishlist.6. Provides amnesty to illegals 7. Ushers in the Green New Deal 8. Gives radical environmentalists anEPA slush fund 9. Drives up the cost of Medicare 10. Injects more government controlThe 10 Worst Parts Of Bernies Budget: 1. It is too expensive to afford 2. Allows for a $4.2 trillion in new spending over 10 years 3. Forces $3.5 trillion in mandatory spending 4. Raises federal debtto $45 trillion by 2035 5. Worsens Bidens inflation crisisShocking to watch the Senate Democrats follow Bernie off the budget deficit cliff. Theyre losing it!Bernies biggest fans over at Ben and Jerrys should introduce Bernies Bliss as an ice cream flavor. Thatd be good for him let him have his moment before the American people reject his radical plans again.How many paintings will Hunter Biden have to sell to fund this radical tax and spend plan?Americans are feeling the #bern of Bernies socialist wishlist.Bernies reckless tax and spend plan is the blueprint for a socialist agenda.Illegal immigration is a security threat to our nation, and Democrats are asking you to fund it.Bernie wants Tennessee taxpayers to pay for billionaires children to go to Pre-K.Biden and Bernie want the Green New Deal and will stop at nothing to get it passed.Biden is racking up the bill and youre paying for it.Governor Cuomo made the right decision to resign. This is a good day for the citizens of New York.We cant afford the lefts tax-and-spend spree. Tennesseans want freedom, not new taxes.This is another linchpin in the lefts gateway to socialism free handouts regardless of circumstance at the expense of the American taxpayer.Hopefully you are relieved of your duty soon. Faucis flip-flopping decision-making has put families and our children at risk.Democrats are using their multi-trillion dollar packages as gateways to their socialist agenda.  The price? Your freedom and billions of taxpayer dollars.Nothing fashionable about lying.This bill is a gateway to socialism not progress towards real infrastructure.By the end of the week, we are on track to hit at least $6.6 trillion in spending all thanks to Bidens tax-and-spend spree.  It must end.Tennesseans are fed up with the spending in Washington. Its ridiculous to force future generations to pick up the tab for the Democrats tax-and-spend agenda.What are Bernies radical priorities for his $3.5 trillion spending plan?  Green New Deal  Amnesty For Illegals  Obamacare ExpansionThe infrastructure bill is a downpayment for Bernies budget.The Biden administrations pathetic attempt to beg and plead with the murderous Iranian regime is disgraceful.Courtesy of the Democrats reckless spending.The infrastructure plan is unprecedented for a reason. It will add billions to our debt.Why do Democrats insist on mortgaging our childrens future to force through their radical tax-and-spend policies?A completely disgraceful and sexist attack.  @RepStefanik is a dedicated and recognized conservative leader and a role model for young women. This is another example of what the leftist media does to conservative women. Shame on them.We were given assurances the infrastructure bill was fully paid for, and now we see from the CBO that its not. Yet another good reason to defeat it.But those who hope in the LORD will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint. Isaiah 40:31Today on #PurpleHeartDay, were honoring the brave men and women who have heroically put everything on the line for this country.Spending billions of dollars to fund AOC and Bernies climate agenda is not infrastructure. Are they determined to pave the way to serfdom?Our children and grandchildren will be forced to foot the bill for hundreds of billions of dollars. Higher taxes mean less freedom for them and their little ones.If Democrats want infrastructure, why wont they support the border wall?Tennesseans need roads and bridges, not billions in new taxes.The left wants to use the infrastructure bill as a down payment on their massive socialist agenda and theyll spend trillions of taxpayer dollars to get it done. Its not about you; its about power for them.The CBO analysis estimates that the infrastructure plan will add at least $256 billion to our national deficit. $256 BILLION of your money.  We cannot hijack our children and grandchildrens futures with this massive debt.Tennesseans will not be fooled by the Democrats ploy to spend more money on their radical wishlist.The trillions of dollars are ticking up. Tennesseans want less of Biden'stax-and-spending spree and more of their hard-earned money.Imagine that. Communist China is losing revenue in its major spyware company.Biden's reckless spending spree forces Tennessee's children and grandchildren to pay for a radical wishlist.The price of this bill for Tennesseans is yet another reason to reject this bill. It is not paid for and will add billions to our federal debt.This is how Facebook shuts down those they dont agree with @SaraCarterDCNo more gamesChina is guilty for the COVID coverup and its time to make sure they take responsibility.TUNE IN: Joining @clayandbuck at 1 PM ET today. Looking forward to it, @ClayTravis and @BuckSexton!New Parent Alert: Due to the Biden tax and spending spree, $85,000 is the amount of federal debt your newborn will have to shoulder.As I speak with Tennessee small business owners across the state, one thing is clear: They cant afford more lockdowns and unnecessary government spending.Tennesseans want infrastructure, not frivolous left-wing programs that add to our debt. This bill is not paid for, and I cannot support spending hundreds of billions of dollars we don't have.Tennesseans are paying more at the gas pump and grocery store. Meanwhile, Biden and the Democrats want to pass a reckless multi-trillion-dollar tax and spend plan.Beginners luck! See you next year, Team @SenatorHagerty!Build the wall and restart the Keystone XL Pipeline.We're working hard to protect Tennesseans priorities in the infrastructure bill, not the lefts radical wishlist.The @washingtonpost condoning Bidens illegal actions tells you all you need to know about the mainstream medias relationship with the Democratic Party.Infrastructure is being used as a Trojan horse for the lefts massive socialist agenda.Defund the police cheerleader Cori Bush wants protection for elites, but not for all.It appears to Tennesseans that Biden is putting illegal immigrants before American citizens.Democrat lawmakers want open borders and illegal immigrants voting in our elections. DC Democrats do not represent this nation.Tennesseans want an infrastructure bill focused on building roads and bridges. They dont want to fund a left-wing climate agenda.Tennesseans want the wall.A complete double standard against women athletes. Do better, @NCAA.Tennesseans' infrastructure priorities do not include billions of dollars in wasteful spending.More virtue signaling from the leader of the leftists.American elections are for American citizens, not illegal immigrants or non-citizens.Mao Zedong, founder of Communist China, has no place within the Olympic Games or anywhere for that matter. Take your dear leader somewhere else.The infrastructure bill contains billions in wasteful spending.  It should be focused on infrastructure, nothing else.If Democrats truly cared about the spread of COVID-19, they would secure the southern border and build the wall.  Anything else is simply a distraction.This is what the American dream is all about. Congrats on the gold, Tamyra!Tennesseans need an infrastructure bill focused on local communities.Bidens socialist spending spree will leave Americans with less money in their pocket.Bidens latest spending spree will increase inflation and leave Americans with less money in their pocket.  The US is already over $28 trillion in debt that our children and grandchildren will be forced to pay off.Make no mistake: someone has to foot the bill for the Democrats outrageous spending spree, and that someone will be the hardworking American taxpayer.No surprise here more mandates from the Democrats to restrict Americans freedoms.American companies cant continue to rely on the CCP to manufacture our goods. Chinas regime that relies on forced labor to create supplies, including solar panels, should not benefit from U.S. dollars.Belarus is once again drawing from its authoritarian playbook to suppress individual talent and freedom. This is what it looks like when a government thinks its citizens work for them.The science is clear Tennessee students need to be back in the classroom this fall.The Chinese Communist Party is power-hungry and desperately filling the void left by the Biden administrationWhy was Fauci ever in favor of funding the Wuhan lab with US tax dollars?Lockdowns and mask mandates undermine trust in vaccinations.The same lab Fauci sent money to?The crisis at the southern border is worsening by the minute. Where is @VP Harris?The Biden-Harris work continues on:  Increasing consumer prices Ignoring the border crisis  Implementing more mandatesThe Democrats are rushing an infrastructure bill that no one has had a chance to read.We can all support roads and bridges but not a reckless tax-and-spending bill.Thanks to Bidens open border policies, illegals are crossing the southern border at a record 21-year high. #BidenBorderCrisisTennesseans want infrastructurenot tax & spend policies our grandkids will have to pay forThe keystone pipeline is infrastructure.The border wall is infrastructure.Another of Nancys socialistic power plays.We have seen that children are not in a high-risk category of getting or spreading the virus.If Muriel Bowser cant even follow her own rules, why should others be forced to?Biden has no consideration for Tennesseans hard-earned dollars when he uses your taxes to pay for his left-wing agenda.I can do all this through Him who gives me strength. Philippians 4:13Very few fully vaccinated Americans have tested positive for COVID-19.  Mask mandates and lockdowns are not rational.  Cc: @JoeBiden and @CDCgovOver 188,000 illegal immigrants were arrested at the southern border in June alone.  To put it in perspective, thats about the same number of people who live in the city of Knoxville, TN. #BidenBorderCrisisIn America, we believe in FREEDOM, not:  Mandates Lockdowns Socialist ControlYou must be a legal citizen to vote. Period.This is illegal in every sense of the word. Bureaucrats do not get to decide how Americans live their lives.We have not seen data from the CDC that supports vaccinated individuals wearing a mask.The CDC made their decision to re-implement a mask mandate and now they are scrambling to find data to back up their decisionTennesseans want their money going towards real infrastructureroads, rails, rivers, runways, & rural broadband. The Democrats are rushing an infrastructure bill & no ones had a chance to read it yet. Without time, debate & amendments, this will lead to bureaucratic boondoggles.Wishing a very happy birthday to the @TNFarmBureau! 100 years of incredible work on behalf of Tennessee farmers! #TFBF100Fauci actively worked to dismiss Chinas COVID origins. Why?Allowing males to participate in womens sports denies female student athletes a level playing field to compete and achieve.  I joined @SenJoniErnst, @SenHydeSmith, and champion athletes to discuss protecting opportunities for female competitors.Democrat lockdowns ravaged the country once, Tennesseans say its not happening again.Mask mandates = left-wing hysteriaTennessees Minor League teams bring communities together and are an integral part of our local economies.  Im working with @SenBlumenthal on a bipartisan solution to keep these local baseball clubs open.If you are vaccinated, you should not have to wear a mask. Mask mandates are about power.In Bidens America, more restrictions and mandates are placed on American citizens than illegal immigrants.Just for factual reference.Joe Biden wants to tax Tennesseans to pay for the radical lefts agenda.There is no valid reason to demand a vaccinated person wear a mask.Whatever it takes to get the American people in lockdown, Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats are willing to do. #MaskMandateSay what? Then why have a country? The left is really losing it.You are watching @SpeakerPelosi and @JoeBidens socialist take over of America. #MaskMandateGOOD NEWS: The I-40 Hernando DeSoto Bridge in Memphis will reopen under limited traffic. Thank you @myTDOTTennesseans want an end to Democrats radical tax-and-spend policies. They are sick and tired of rising inflation caused by the Biden Administration.Biden left the middle class behind when he went full throttle on an agenda that ignited inflation.Its time to bring calm back to our communities. We must show more support for our law enforcement.Bidens reckless tax and spend policy is a one way road to inflation.Forcing masks undermines public trust in vaccines.Is this @DemSocialists vision for America?Authoritarian regimes like the CCP cannot continue their uncontested reign within the United Nations. It's time for the international community to hold these adversariesaccountable, with the United States leading the way. @BrookeSingmanCongratulations to Nashvilles Alex Walsh on taking home the silver in Tokyo!China is an adversary. We cant rely on them for our critical supply chains.Bidens economic agenda gave us inflation.Ransomware is a very serious threat to our securitywe need to know the administration is taking it seriously.Just a thought mask mandates undermine vaccine confidence.We are so proud to continue cheering on our Lady Vol playing softball at the Olympics!Hong Kongs national security law is illegitimate and the latest freedom-repressing tool from the CCP. Were standing with Tong Ying-kit and his fight for freedom.Inflation is a tax on the middle class.The American people value their freedom. Dont let the Left fool you.Chinas lies on COVID-19 deserve a thorough and complete investigation.Mike Enzi was a colleague, friend, and champion for the people of Wyoming. I enjoyed spending time with him during many Wednesday mornings at the Senate Prayer breakfast. I am very saddened to hear of his passing, and I am praying for his family.It's time to get kids back in the classroom, and the Volunteer State is making it happen! Tennessee's annual sales tax holiday is coming upjust in time to get theback-to-school shopping done!The UN should demand the CCP cooperate on investigating the COVID-19 origins.Unless youre an illegal immigrant crossing our southern border.American families feel betrayed by President Biden and his support of Critical Race Theory.The crisis is growing at the border, and the Biden administration is nowhere to be found.This is why every parent should be reviewing their childs work every day. Teachers who make statements like this do not deserve to be in the classroom.Two tiers of justice. Special treatment for friends of Biden, no answers for the loved ones of those who died. Shameful.China plans to dominate the US, and President Biden is doing nothing to stop them.To every Tennessean competing in this year's Olympics, we are wishing you the best of luck and are so proud to have you representing our great nation. Show them what you got! #Tokyo2020The Biden Surcharge is emptying millions of Americans pockets.With all its art, music, and culture, Memphis, Tennessee is the place to be!May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. Romans 15:13Tennesseans will not fall on the sword for President Bidens disastrous immigration policy. Stop sending your problems here, @POTUS.Biden believes ignoring a problem will make it go away. The border crisis is not going anywhere.Your tax dollars should not be funding state-sponsored racism from Critical Race Theory. Joe Biden thinks otherwise.Biden lets Russia walk over the US. Obviously Putins boots are made for walking, and they will walk all over the USA!Joe Biden and Biden Inc. have a Russian problem. It is huge.Our nation is plagued with crime because Democrats have been busy trying to federalize our elections instead of securing the safety of American families.Sanctioning a top Cuban military official is a good first step by President Biden. Washington must make it explicitly clear to Havana that we will not tolerate the abuse of the Cuban people.I thought America was back, Joe?Joe Biden said he had no knowledge of Hunters business deals. Well, looks like that is wrong.Tennessee taxpayers are telling us they will not foot the bill for Biden Inc.s shady schemes.The UN allows China to get away with every problem they create.China is guilty.Has an administration ever done more to socially engineer the way we live? Biden, leave us alone.Chuck Schumer wants to pay for his infrastructure plan with a budget gimmick.Thank you, Newt! I am fighting to keep Critical Race Theory out of our classrooms!We need to see every email between The White House and Facebook regarding their mission to police our speech.Tennesseans want Critical Race Theory stopped in its tracks. Bureaucrats are abusing their power, shifting their focus from arithmetic to promoting radical Marxist thinking.We are witnessing a border crisis like no other because of Bidens refusal to secure the border.Bernies budget is too expensive to afford.Will Hunter Biden's art show attendees include agents from the Chinese Communist Party and the Kremlin?@Franklin_Graham Thank you!Iran wants to develop a nuclear weapon, and Joe Biden is allowing it to happen.What is Joe Biden even saying #BidenTownhallBidens refusal to build the wall and secure the border show where his priorities lie: not with the American people. #BidenTownHallPresident Biden is responsible for over one million illegal border crossings. #BidenTownHallTennesseans #BackTheBlue #BidenTownhallFact check: violent crime is up #BidenTownhallDon Lemon is not a journalist. He is an activist. #BidenTownhallThe inflation were seeing today is a direct result of Bidens policy agenda. #BidenTownhallDemocrat lockdowns hurt the economy. #BidenTownhallWe are six months into President Bidens administration, and he has made it clear that he wants to censor you if you disagree with him.Gas, groceries, billstheyre all up and weve seen it. President Bidens policy has made just about everything more expensive.Biden may not be used to paying for his own goods, but Tennesseans across the state have said it clear: consumer good prices are out of control.Joe Bidens secret deals with Big Tech are abetrayal of the trust of the American people.Biden believes the priorities he and Facebook share are more important than the American peoples.Democrats abusethe issues of COVID to consolidate power and restrict your freedoms.Democrats should prove their seriousness on COVID by securing the border.The Biden administration has trouble with the truth. If they really dont support Critical Race Theory, theyll ban it from public schools and cease taxpayer dollars from ever funding it.Will Biden and the left support these freedom fighters or will they remain silent?Communist China is opposed to anything that will curtail their desire for more power and domination.The Biden White House is ruled by the radical leftand they will stop at nothing to brainwash our kids through Critical Race Theory.Its official. Joe Biden has given Russian pipeline workers a job and taken away the jobs of US Keystone Pipeline workers.Schumer doesnt care about building roads and bridges. He cares about his partisan agenda items.The Biden border crisis is just beginning.How long will Fauci shuffle his story on the Wuhan lab?Schumers Senate is a circus.State-sponsored racism has no place in our schools, thats why we stand against critical race theory.As we watch Cuba fight for access to a free internet, Biden is working to censor ours.Chinese officials are telling me there is nothing to be concerned about with their new digital currency. They also told me and the rest of the world not to be concerned about COVID last year in January.  I dont take orders from CCP puppets, @zlj517.If Democrats really worried about COVID, they would close the border.The American people need to have trust in our nations public health officials. Its time for Fauci to go.Fire Fauci.Psaki, Biden, and Big Tech are trying to take away your right to disagree with them.Chinas digital currency is a spy network that has no place in our economy.Wally Funk made history this morning! After being denied the opportunity to be an astronaut in the 1960s, she never gave up her dreams of flight. Today, she became the oldest person ever to fly in space!The largest teachers union wants to wage a war against parents and families. @NEAToday needs to answer our questions immediatelyour children are at stake.Democrats cave to the radical left every time. Its more than disappointing to see them let down Cubans fighting for freedom and feed Communists with their silence.Mark Emmert grew his wealth while he cut corners for his employees and cheated his players out of name, image, and likeness.Turn around.Parents are overwhelming against Critical Race Theory, but teachers unions think they know better.  They dont.The @NEAToday is apparently targeting opponents of Critical Race Theory.  The people have figured you out.The CCP employs digital payment platforms tosurveil, threaten, & arrest Chinese citizens. I championedtheeffort alongside @SenatorWicker &@SenLummisto forbid Americanathletes from using the CCP's Digital Yuan during theBeijing Olympics @BrodyFord_The stock market falling is not surprising. The Biden Surcharge and inflation are catching upthis is Bidens America, and weve been sounding the alarm.Jen Psaki told the truth for once: Biden and Big Tech are censoring us.Title 42 is the last line of defense CBP has to address the historic border crisis, and repealing it is just another step in Joe Bidens radical agenda. I led legislation to stop Bidens attempt to end Title 42 and throw our border even further into chaos.What in the world is happening at the border right now? @JoeBiden @KamalaHarrisNote to the @NEAToday, our children are more precious than your power.@AndrewPollackFL Thank you!Joe Biden should waive executive privilege and release his emails with Big Tech giants.Biden is using Big Tech as an arm for his agenda. This is state-sponsored media.Biden needs to release every email and contact that his administration has had with Facebook regarding their crusade to monitor our speech.During my trip to the southern border, Sheriff Dannels stressed how Bidens border crisis puts families and communities at risk. When our border isnt secure, every town is a border town.The Cuban government has cut off internet access for Cubans rebelling against communism. Yet, 1.3 million Cubans have internet access thanks to the Open Technology Fund Act I championed. We must support the Cuban peoples fight for freedom @EricShawnTVPresident Biden will abuse his power to silence those who disagree with him.If you disagree with Joe Biden, he wants Big Tech to censor you.If you push for Americans to lose protection from law enforcement while you pay for private securityyou are a hypocrite.Biden Inc. might be used to making shady deals, but the American people are watching now.The Chinese Communist Party will not continue to profit off the forced labor of the Uyghur people. This is where we draw a line in the sand..@AOC confirms she stands with the communists. Surprised?This is what America has become.Great to join @mayorkenmoore, @CityOfFranklin, and the @WilcoHeritage Main Street FestivalDACA is illegal.One million arrests at our border this year alone. @POTUS has failed the nation.Democrats are paying for their endless spending by stealing from future generations.Communism within China or Cuba, Biden is a coward towards it either way.The mask is off: Big tech and the Biden administration are working together to censor you.We know Fauci and the White House are colluding with Facebookbut who else?The Biden administrations pro-censorship agenda is yet another direct attempt to silence the American people.BREAKING: Over 1.3 million Cubans have been able to access the internet today thanks to @PsiphonInc, an open-source tool supported by the bipartisan Open Technology Fund my colleagues and I championed. We must stand with those opposing authoritarian regimes.This is a pilot program for the lefts socialist universal income program. You can sit at home while hard-working Americans pay for you! Thank you @GovBillLee for ending the additional UI.Big Government in controlJoe Biden is sending agents to your door to compel vaccinations.Jen Psaki admitted what weve all knownbig tech and Joe Biden are in cahoots.Its no wonder the American people have lost hope in @WHOSocialists are working overtime to defend a dictatorial regime.  Remember, radicals like @AOC and @BernieSanders say they want to fundamentally change our country.With our nation being on the cusp of a $30 trillion debt, its critical we get our fiscal house in order. Were ready to invest in infrastructure responsiblythe Democrats are not. We will not fund their partisan, liberal wishlist..@SenatorHagerty @RepChuck @RepHarshbarger @RepDavidKustoffIn March, I led the charge with my colleagues to keep Washington bureaucrats from stripping federal funding from Tennessee cities including Cleveland, Jackson & Morristown. The OMBs decision resulting from my request is a tremendous win for the men & women of the Volunteer StateState-approved message or you get state-sponsored censorship. Cant sugarcoat this.Migrants from 160 countries are crossing the border each day. @VP dont tell me this isnt a crisis.Ending Title 42 is another step in Joe Bidens open border agenda. Biden has made it clear that he will do anything to allow illegal aliens to flood our country & appease the radical left, including putting the health & safety of Americans in jeopardy.Democrats say they want election integrity while their HR1 would remove trust and integrity from the ballot box.This must be @AOCs burner account.BLM is a radical Marxist organization.  Biden cannot let his left-wing supporters pressure him into propping up Havanas communist regime.The media is working overtime for the Communist Cuban regime.Professor Joe Biden and Kamala Harris will be teaching this class.Parents have raised the alarm rightly: Critical race theory is wrong for America.If the President chooses not to condemn 62 years of a dictatorial regime, we have a serious problem.The United Nations has no business telling the U.S. what to do so long as China serves on the Human Rights Council. If youre allowing China to get away with genocide, youre doing it wrong.Why cant @PressSec say it? People have been fleeing Cuba on rafts for decades. Many have lost their lives just hoping to taste American freedom.Democrats championed the effort to defund the police.There should be a travel advisory warning people to avoid travel to Chicago due to the extreme violence caused by Lori Lightfoots push to defund the police.Myrna Perez is too busy being an activist to concentrate on being a second circuit judge.We cant trust Faucis advice.Critical race theory will label your child as an oppressor or victimthats why it will have no place in our schools.Overdoses are up. We need to secure the border and stop the flow of drugs into our country.The federal government refuses to alert our state when unaccompanied migrant children are brought to Tennessee.This is disturbing and deserves a full investigation.Arrest them. #TexasDemocrats.@AOC there would be no voting rights to tweet about if you lived in Cuba. #freecuba.@AOC should either speak out against the Cuban government or resign and become a full-time activist for @DemSocialistsThe repressive Cuban government is attempting to squash protests by cutting off internet access. Yet, over 146,000 Cubans continue to have daily access to the internet thanks to open-source tools supported by the bipartisan Open Technology Fund my colleagues and I championed.Its one vote for one person, thats the way our elections work.If @AOC, @RepRashida, @RepBowman and @CoriBush want to be associated with @DemSocialists, they should all go to Cuba for a month to experience a communist socialist regime.If Biden cares about voter security, why did he push for a law actively encouraging vote trafficking?What exactly is courageous about fleeing your job via private jet to drink beer?The White House needs to unequivocally stand with the Cuban people and against Cubas communist regime..@Highway_30 youre right! The mainstream media wont talk about the #UyghurGenocide because they have financial entanglements with Communist China.  The money is too good for them to tell the truth.This is a blatant misuse of power which comes at no surprise considering the DNC is behind it. Democrats will broaden and expand the surveillance state if given the chance.Socialism and Communism fail every time.Socialized medicine is a practiced and tried failure. With waitlists spanning years, people are still waiting in line for the doctor under socialized medicine.Biden needs to be clear with Havana the US will not stand idly by if Cuba fires on innocent civilians standing up to the communist regime.The left will tell you the crisis in Cuba has nothing to do with communism.  It has everything to do with communism.The United States cannot stay silent about the uprising in Cuba.  Will Joe Biden draw a line in the sand against communism or cower to the left?Im glad to see these Texas Democrat lawmakers are supportive of my legislation to make masks optional on airplanes.Socialism leads to pain and suffering and Cuba is the perfect example.  Biden must pressure Havana to provide assurances that they will not fire on their own people.  This is a major test for Biden.  He must exert leadership and American influence.If Biden wants to show the American people hes ready to get serious on rising crime, he will start by securing the border.President Bidens agenda has led to increased crime across the nation.Biden should take responsibility for the rising crime in our cities.Americans stand with Cubans in their fight against communism.The Cuban people are exemplifying great bravery as they take on their abusive communist regime.Leftist Democrats need to decide if theyll stand with Cuba or stand against communism.80% of Americans support Voter ID, @VP. Dismissing the American peoples will by implying rural Americans cant work photocopiers is classist, elitist, and telling of the Biden Administration.Joe Biden is hosting a round table on rising crime todaywill expert Hunter Biden be joining?Biden doesn't have a plan. His unorganized withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan willingly gives power to the world's new axis of evilRussia, China, Iran, and North Korea.Does Bernie stand with Cubas communist government or the oppressed Cuban people?Socialism leads to pain and suffering. Will the Democrats acknowledge what is happening in Cuba? Will the media cover it?This is racism at its corea woke NYC principal conspired to fire a teacher because he was white.Business are suffering because blue states are paying workers to stay at home.These awards cannot put into words how thankful we are for our veterans humble acts of service.Hunter Bidens art is putting Biden Inc.s corruption on full display.Biden only backs the blue when its good for optics. We have not forgotten the year Democrats spent degrading our brave first responders.Biden's arbitrary withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan abandons the 20 years of sacrifice and dedication our brave men and women have expended to defeat the Taliban. Our withdraw puts the fate of millions of Afghan women directly in the hands of terrorists.Federal dollars are not Becerra-Biden dollars. They belong to the taxpayer and the government answers to the taxpayernot the other way around.Everybody knows there is something shady happening with Hunters art show and the Biden Inc. corruption agenda.Hunters art show is the latest exhibit on Biden Inc.s shady business scheme.Who is buying Hunter Bidens paintings? How much do they cost? Does the buyer have a lobbyist?Every dollar the federal government spent on funding COVID vaccines came from a taxpayer who earned it and sent it to DC. If they dont want the shot, it is their choice.Joe Bidens executive order will create a massive amount of regulation that will stifle businesses still recovering from the pandemic.Reinstituting Obama era net neutrality rules misses the point. Facebook and Twitter block and censor every day. This will only hurt rural Americans who need access to high speed internet now.Malicious cyber attacks are on the rise, and wemust be able to respond.With NDAA, Icreatedapilot programallowing the National Guard to provide states withtechnical assistance for attacks oncritical infrastructure entities, like Colonial Pipeline.Biden's removal of troops from Afghanistan is a blatant denial of the intelligence community's threat assessment. He is handing over a key to the country to the Taliban.The mainstream media gave Michael Avenati a platform to spread misinformation because they hated President Trump. Now Avenati is heading to prison.Withdrawing troops from Afghanistan is giving China unrestricted control over the Middle East. We are kidding ourselves if we think that the Chinese Communist Party will not inject itself into a post-U.S. Afghanistan.Joe Biden makes the Chinese Communist Partys job easier.While the researchers have changed their positions, the science hasnt changed and the conflicts of interest have not changed. We need an independent investigation now.Tennessee is taking real action to protect our border. 300 troops are there to prove it.Its not just defund the police for Democrats, its defund the entirety of our border security resources.  Is @PressSec going to blame this on Republicans too?Adam Silver needs to make a decisionno more two face business deals. Either speak up on the human rights violations and separate yourself from China or forever be remembered as being complicit.Joe Biden has a #China problem.Crime is up because Democrats turned their back on our brave law enforcement.What took so long to report on this, @washingtonpost? I thought democracy dies in darkness?Chinas goal is to infiltrate our institutions, and Joe Biden left the door wide open.Teachers union President @rweingarten is waging a war against parents and American families so they can teach Critical Race Theory. They will put money and power over our children every day of the week.Critical race theory is a state-sponsored form of racism.Why are some school systems allowing children to be taught to hate America? To make such comparisons is not only inappropriate, its a disservice to insist China has some equivalency to the US as they slaughter populations and dismantle human rights.Hunter and Joe Biden need to provide a list of the foreign business deals that have involved Joe Biden and Biden Inc.Sending warm birthday wishes to @DalaiLama! May your work advancing peace, dignity, and compassion for those oppressed by the brutal Chinese Communist regime continue for many years to comeAaron Lewis song has resonated with the American people All Too Well. They are replying you are not the only one!No surprise here. Left-leaning policies are hurting the economy and costing people their jobs.Teachers unionswants to defy the demands of parents andput critical race theory in every school district in the nation.Joe Biden claims to have no connections to Hunters shady deals with China. He lied about his involvement to begin with. How can we believe him now?The only people supporting socialism are those who have never lived under it.Pay to play is the name of the game for Joe Biden. He ushered Hunters shady business partners around in Air Force Two. Whos to say he hasnt done the same for China?How deep is Joe Biden in Hunters shady business deals? Hunter has been dealing with China in the shadows for yearshas Joe too?The sacrifices that the brave men and women in our military make for our country are the reason we can freely celebrate.Proud to be an AmericanToday, the greatest nation in the world marks its 245th birthday! I hope youre able to celebrate the land of the free by spending time with family and honoring the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much for our country.Biden Inc. now hiring. Corrupt Benefits include: - Pay to play - Kickbacks - Taxpayer funded airfareLand of the free, because of the brave.Kamala needs to fix her GPS and get to the actual border. @mboyle1 @BreitbartNewsCelebrate freedomno masks on public transportation for vaccinated Americans.Was there pay to play with Hunter Bidens corrupt business dealings?To the teachers unions: Tennesseans are pushing back and standing up against your indoctrination tactics. We wont stand for your divisive propaganda.Hunter Biden was paid handsomely by his clients and facilitated meetings with Joe Biden.Does the Chinese Communist Party hold sway at CNN?Joe Biden said he knew nothing about Hunters corrupt business dealings.  We know that was a lie.Hard working Americans should not have to foot the bill for abortions.We all know this isnt the ice cream Pelosi is buying.100 years of atrocities and slaughtering populations. The Chinese Communist Party is not worth celebrating.Joe Biden: I have never spoken to my son about his overseas business dealings. Also Joe Biden:Found Hunter! He was with his father attending corrupt overseas business deals. Joe Biden has some explaining to do.CNN has sold out the American people and the truth by peddling communist propaganda.It is shameful that it has taken the time and attention of the US Senate to push the NCAA to do the right thing. The NCAA desperately needs new leadership.One person, one vote.Why is the press selling out Americans and undermining our country for the Chinese Communist Party?We need common sense policies in place to prevent illegal voting and ballot harvesting. Todays Supreme Court decision reaffirms that it should be easy to vote and hard to cheat.Was it the weak trade proposals or the parroting of CCP propaganda that gave it away?Congratulations to the MSU Bulldogs on the #CWS title and the Vandy Boys for a terrific season. This is what dreams are made of! @HailStateBB @VandyBoys  #OmaDawgs #HailState #VandyBoys #AnchorDownDonald Rumsfeld honorably served our country over multiple decades. He led the Department of Defense through difficult times after 9-11. Our country owes him a debt of tremendous gratitude. Sending prayers to his family this evening.CNN is exporting Chinese Communist lies to your living rooms.What is motivating CNN to push Chinese propaganda? Where does their allegiance lie?It's time forthe Biden administration to follow the science. If you are fully vaccinated, there is no reason you should be forced to wear a mask on public transportation.From her statements, Ilhan Omar appears to be anti-Semitic. Her constituents should demand she resign.Democrat propaganda brought to you by Vogue.Quit gaslighting, @RepSeanMaloney. You cant write off Democrats battle cry as needed police reforms. Defund the police means defund the police, and that sure wasnt coming from Republicans. Own it.The NIH, Fauci, WHO theyve all failed us. Why? Because theyve allowed China to coverup this mess. We need answers from all them on why our institutions continually put China first.Democrats can deny it all they want we have receipts.When are we going to start following the science rather than the public hysteria.  The science is clear vaccinated Americans do not need to wear a mask.This @NCAA announcement is long overdue and stems from state and federal pressure. We need a permanent solution.Democrats want the liberal policies that have decayed San Francisco to be the national standard.New rulepolice protection should not be offered to any lawmaker that wants to defund the police. They should be forced to practice what they preach.More lies.End welfare for all.Bidens plan goes after legal gun ownership more than violent crime.Tonight, the College World Series takes place between @HailStateBB and @VandyBoys, and I couldnt be more excited to watch! #CWSBeijings COVID coverup crossed continents. They lied to our institutions and career officials, and big tech and the media went along with it. If we want to eliminate Chinas influence, we must make all Americans aware of the threat posed by the CCP.Violent crime is rising in Democrat run cities.Thank you @21Wilberforce for recognizing me with this award. It is extremely important to keep fighting for religious liberty around the globe.Once again, American history is being denigrated by woke leftists. We will not stand for this. Are the leftists trying to destroy this country?The left wants to indoctrinate our children through Critical Race Theory.Fauci defied orders that would have stopped funding Wuhans lab that is linked to COVIDs outbreak.  He lied, and he protected China fire him.The Biden-Harris border crisis makes every town a border town.It took 93 days for Kamala Harris to visit the border.  That is 93 days too late.China will be held accountable for their lies and destruction.Democrats profit off division, confusion, and distrust. Dont fall for their schemes"Nike is a brand that is of China and for China" And America is a nation that is of freedoms and for freedoms your choice, Nike.Investigate the lab. Investigate China. Investigate Fauci.The Biden-Harris administration is refusing to take back control of the southern border from Mexican cartels.Why did Facui trust China's lab over Tennessee's coronavirus research lab?If Biden is really against crime, why wont he close the border?The American people are figuring this out. Fauci should step aside and help with the investigation.We cannot stand by and allow the officials responsible for our recovery to undermine what little confidence the people have left in our institutions. Dr. Fauci needs to make himself available for questioning and give the American people answers.Kamala Harris could not have picked a more inappropriate official to go to the border with than @RepEscobar. @RepEscobar sent her staff to coach migrants on how to illegally enter into the United States.Kamala Harris is going to the southern border with @RepEscobar, who secretly sent her staff to Mexico to coach asylum seekers.  This is the Biden Immigration plan.This you? @RepEscobarPlease join me in keeping these families in your prayers after the horrific tragedy in Surfside, Florida.Remember how the media glorified Fauci? Remember how he ran around on a PR tour?  He may not regret his liesand the media may not eitherbut the American people havent forgotten.Why are they doing this to our children?Why was Fauci protecting Chinas Wuhan lab?Bidens radical ATF nominee wants to take Americans guns away.Gun Grabbing Biden wants to strip your 2A while crime spikes across the country -- not happening.China has the blood of millions on their hands..@POTUSs plan on crime is useless when Democrat run cities are defunding the policeDemocrats want criminals to have more rights than victims.The left wants to set criminals free.Check the ratings, I bet Britney does better than Biden.Bidens plan is weak on crime just how he was weak on the violent protests from BLM that set our cities on fire.Democrats are puttingtheir woke agenda above your safety.Crime is rising in big blue cities.Left wing radical school administrators wont admit that critical race theory is really about division.No judicial philosophy is apparently the standard by which Biden judged his First Circuit pickSince President Biden halted construction of the border wall, illegal aliens have flooded into our country. Its time we take back control of the border.This administration has lied about closing the border and all but handed over the keys to our nation to drug smugglers and human traffickers.I hope that during this visit, the Vice President will speak with local law enforcement officers, CBP and elected officials and listen to the real effects of Bidens open border policies.President Biden tasked Kamala Harris with cleaning up the Biden border crisis over 90 days ago, and she has failed to do her job.By unrelenting chorus they mean we asked her to do her job.Critical race theory is wrong for the nation because it teaches our children to hate America and judge each other for our differences.The Biden border crisis is about to get even worse.How long will Fauci protect China?When Biden talks, migrants come, and Americans pick up the bill.Open borders = more drugs and fentanyl on Tennessee streets.Reliance on China should never be the solution. Made in China is a warning for impending crisis.Reliable broadband needs to be the gold-standard. Americans depend on it.Fauci shielded the Communist state from its well-deserved scrutiny he has a lot of explaining to do.Thank you to Governor Lee and the General Assembly for saving Tennessees children from being poisoned by radical left wing propaganda. #CriticalRaceTheoryThey removing pronouns too?The NCAA needs to follow the lead of states like Tennessee to allow student-athletes to benefit from their NIL.Im sure you can blackmail the right person.Critical race theory is a leftist tactic thats meant to divide our country and pit Americans against each other.Critical race theory has no place in US school curriculums.Why did Fauci shield communist China?This is the way its supposed to work: one person, one vote, and every legal ballot gets counted!By 15 weeks, unborn babies already have functioning organs, nerves, and muscles. Why wont @PressSec follow the science?I concur with Justice Kavanaugh: "The NCAA is not above the law."Todays Supreme Court decision makes it abundantlyclear that we need to pass comprehensive national NIL policies for student-athletes.China and Fauci should not be allowed to decide where COVID-19 originated.As if they havent been doing so already the Communist state is preparing to centralize their powers to further suppress democracy.Fauci worked with Zuckerberg to censor the discussion on the origins of COVID-19.Happy Fathers Day to the great dads of the Volunteer State!The Democrats America.The goal of Marxism has always been division. You got that right @MarcoRubio.The stories coming from these migrant facilities are heartbreaking. We must secure our border to protect these innocent children.We are sick and tired of liberal elites like Mark Zuckerberg distorting the truth and creating their own narratives.Way to represent Tennessee!President Biden has failed the nation by creating the southern border crisis.The Biden border crisis is caused by liberal policies that leftists have been pushing for years.Say what?One person, one vote. Its that simple.The Chinese Communist Party thanks Fauci for parroting their lines.We all know the Wuhan virology lab is the scene of the crime.  Take the tape down and give us answers.And we still havent.Faucis flip flops and untruths are an insult to the thousands of frontline workers who saved Americans lives.Build the wall.Hearing about child abuse at a Chattanooga migrant facility is a heartbreaking reminder of the reality of Bidens border crisis. This incident must be thoroughly investigated. Until we secure our southern border, every town is a border town and every state is a border state.Biden flew across the globe to hand Putin a piece of paper.The Democrats latest partisan power grab would throw local elections into chaosDr. Fauci is not a victim.Courtesy of the American taxpayer.This is why the White House keeps Biden on such a tight leash.Joe Biden doesnt do America first, he does America last.Communist China is attempting to erase its murderous history. @nathanlawkcIllegal border crossings reached a 21-year high in May.  This is the Biden border crisis.Who is Faucis PR campaign really protecting?Under no circumstances should any federal bureaucrat send US taxpayer dollars to a lab controlled by the Communist Chinese.Why is Joe Biden incentivizing cartel control of the southern border?In the USA, we stand for the rule of law.DACA undermines the rule of law.China controls the WHO.  China controls the UN.  We must stop China from controlling us.Joe Bidens new immigration policyinappropriately allows aid groups to decide which migrants can cross our southern border.