May this solemn day always renew our courage and strength to stand up for the universal right to life, dignity and peace for every person, everywhere. Read my full statement here:In 2019, the Congress voted to recognize that the violence inflicted on the Armenian people constituted a genocide: a bold statement of America's commitment to human rights & truth. Last year, @POTUS made history by echoing that powerful message from our nations highest office.Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day shines a light on a monstrous truth while honoring those murdered and those who survived unspeakable horror.Today, the world solemnly marks 107 years since the Ottoman Empire began an inhuman campaign of mass murder and devastation: a genocide that stole the lives of 1.5 million Armenian men, women and children.May it be a comfort to his wife Elaine, their six beloved children and their many grandchildren and great-grandchildren that so many pray for them at this sad time.Congress and the Country join Utah in mourning the passing of former Senator Orrin Hatch. The longest-serving Republican in the Senate's history, he devoted more than four decades to public service often working across the aisle on behalf of Americas families.See what happened thisweekwith myMediumpost, MadamSpeaker.With $17 billion for ports & waterways in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, @HouseDemocrats & @POTUS are ensuring goods are delivered quicker & cheaper to families. And with the #AmericaCOMPETES Act, we will supercharge innovation & make more critical goods here in America.Americans born today will live to see the next century. This Earth Day, let us renew our resolve to secure for our children and grandchildren the bright future that they deserve. Read my full statement on Earth Day here:And with our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, the Democratic Congress took action to advance environmental justice for all from getting the lead out of our childrens drinking water to cleaning up legacy pollution disproportionately harming communities of color.Now more than ever, we see the urgency and necessity of achieving energy independence through a clean energy future. Democrats will not relent until we realize @POTUS ambitious vision of slashing carbon pollution in half by 2030 & achieving a carbon neutral economy by 2050.For more than half a century, #EarthDay has offered an opportunity to recognize the beauty and fragility of our natural environment. @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats are carrying on a proud American tradition of stewardship as we pursue a bold and essential environmental agenda.We discussed how Congress, partnering with @POTUS, can continue to support Ukraine through security, economic & humanitarian assistance. Today, & every day, the Congress remains steadfast in our bipartisan, bicameral commitment Ukraine & determination to hold Russia accountable.On behalf of the Congress, I expressed our immense admiration and respect for the courage of the Ukrainian people as they defend democracy in the face of Russias cruel aggression.As Speaker, it was my official honor to welcome Prime Minister @Denys_Shmyhal of Ukraine to the United States Capitol today for a bilateral meeting.Join me live as I welcome His Excellency @Denys_Shmyhal, Prime Minister of Ukraine, to the United States Capitol.Democrats are laser-focused on lowering costs for families. Thats why were working to build an economy where small businesses can compete against big corporations, where goods can get to market faster and where American workers are making more products on our shores..@HouseDemocrats are passing legislation to lower costs for American families:  Capping copays for insulin at $35 a month Securing deeply needed relief for restaurants & other small businesses Making more goods here at home with #AmericaCOMPETES ActJoin @BarbaraBoxer, Chancellor Carol T. Christ, @BerkeleyIGS directors @GCristinaMora & Eric Schickler & me @UCBerkeley for the annual Barbara Boxer Lecture Series to discuss threats to American democracy & the role of women leaders at this historic time.While the economy continues to grow at an unprecedented rate, @HouseDemocrats are focused on ensuring that the benefits are felt by small businesses, families & consumers. That means lowering costs, supporting competition & making more critical goods right here in America.From my family to yours, wishing you a Happy Easter!A record 5.4 million new small businesses were created last year and they continue to power our strong economic recovery. @HouseDemocrats know entrepreneurs are the backbone of our economy. That's why we passed legislation delivering $55 billion in relief for small businesses.Calling all aspiring service academy students in San Francisco: the deadline for this years U.S. Service Academy Nominations is September 15th. Find out more atThis evening, Jewish communities in America and around the world mark the beginning of #Passover: aseason of renewal and resilience filled with symbolism and meaning.From my family to yours, chag sameach.Today, we mark one year since eight Americans were killed in a mass shooting at an Indianapolis FedEx facility. Of the eight victims, four were Sikh Americans. Democrats remain committed to ending the fear and anguish of gun violence for all Americans.#RememberingIndianapolisIn California andacross the nation, we welcome all to be part of the American Dream and celebrate those who maketheUnited States their home. It is in this spirit ofE Pluribus Unum that I wish Thai and Lao Americans a wonderful and happy #Songkran. Happy New Year!My office is working closely with @LondonBreed & @POTUS to support Laguna Hondas devoted staff & ensure that the hospital can address its issues, come into full compliance & continue to serve our community for decades to come. Read my full statement here:It is unfathomable that Laguna Honda could lose the vital federal funding it needs to support life-saving programs for some of our most vulnerable San Franciscans especially as we continue to be threatened by the pandemic.Laguna Honda Hospital has long been a pillar of the health & well-being for generations of San Francisco families. It is both urgent & essential that city, state & national officials work together to help address areas of concern & protect this crucial health care provider.Small businesses are the lifeblood of Americas economy and are powering our recovery from the pandemic. Last week, @HouseDemocrats passed bipartisan legislation to support restaurants and other hard-hit small businesses with $55 billion in pandemic recovery assistance.In March, America created 431,000 jobs & slashed unemployment to 3.6% reaching near pre-pandemic levels faster than any experts predicted.  Democrats continue to work to implement our economic strategy to lower costs & increase wages across the country..@HouseDemocrats & @POTUS know that Putins Price Hike is weighing heavily on Americas families and we remain laser-focused on #BuildingABetterAmerica: with lower costs, bigger paychecks & more jobs for all of our families. Read my full statement here:The Administrations new action builds on bold steps in recent weeks to bring down gas prices, including by ordering an historic release from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve and working with our allies to secure releases from strategic reserves around the world.This homegrown biofuel is a cleaner, cheaper fuel option: helping save families money at the pump & moving us closer to energy independence. Big Oil must join us in this effort by adding Unleaded 88 to more pumps & gas stations, rather than put profits above the American people.Today, @POTUS took new action to bring down prices at the pump by propelling the development of homegrown ethanol: a powerful tool to fight Putins Price Hike.  Doing so will reduce our dependence on foreign oil and empower Americas farmers to help fight Putins Price Hike.With the proud partnership of courageous survivors and advocates, Democrats are working to end gun violence. We will not stop until the job is done..@POTUS actions today are strong steps forward in the fight against the epidemic of gun crime. His life-saving new rule builds on his strong earlier executive orders to help stop the spread of ghost guns, untraceable weapons posing a growing threat to families safety.Today, happily I tested negative for COVID. Tomorrow, I will be exiting isolation at the direction of the Capitols Attending Physician and consistent with CDC guidelines for asymptomatic individuals.Many thanks to everyone for their good wishes, chocolates and chicken soup.With the help of our #AmericanRescuePlan, our nation slashed the unemployment rate to 3.6% near pre-pandemic levels. To build on this progress, Democrats remain laser-focused on lowering costs for working families as they face Putin's Price Hike.As a daughter of Italy, I am proud of the enduring partnership that the Italian-American community has helped forge between our two nations. Today, and every day, let us commit to preserving that precious bond for generations to come.Today, America celebrates 161 years of diplomatic relations with Italy one of our most cherished friends and closest allies in the fight to defend democracy and promote peace around the world.With the help of @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, our nation has created 7.9 million new jobs, unemployment has dropped to 3.6% and workers wages are on the rise. Now, were laser-focused on building on this historic recovery by working to lower costs for families.More Americans are getting hired with 431,000 jobs created last month and were #BuildingABetterAmerica in the wake of the pandemic.  To continue this strong jobs recovery, @HouseDemocrats are working to lower costs and increase wages.Im overwhelmed with the wonderful well wishes and prayers, and thank everyone for the kindness. I remain asymptomatic thanks to the robust protection from the vaccinations and boosters, which I encourage everyone to get.As last month's jobs report showed, our nation has built a strong recovery: creating 7.9 million new jobs since @POTUS took office. Democrats are focusing on lowering costs, growing paychecks and creating jobs for families while ensuring the richest few pay their fair share.Making the COMPETES Act law will deliver a key victory for our workers and families, while ensuring America can outcompete any nation now and for decades to come. Read the full list of Members who will go to conference over the America COMPETES Act here:Under the leadership of our committee chairs and conferees, the House will champion key priorities including investing $52 billion to make more semiconductor chips in America & $45 billion to advance manufacturing at home addressing supply chain disruptions that increase costs.Today, we take another step toward sending to the Presidents desk a bipartisan, bicameral package to lower costs at home, make more goods in America and turbocharge our competitiveness in the world by announcing the Conference Committee for the America COMPETES Act of 2022.With Judge Jacksons historic confirmation, our nation takes an important step toward realizing our most cherished ideals. On behalf of the House, we wish her all the best as she continues her devoted public service.On the bench, Judge Jackson will be a relentless defender of individual rights and the rule of law. American families will greatly benefit from her extensive courtroom experience and background as a public defender that she will bring to the Court.During her nomination process, Judge Jackson demonstrated the magnificence of her legal mind, unyielding commitment to justice & remarkable poise. In her appearances before the Judiciary Committee & in meetings with Senators, she earned bipartisan recognition of her excellence.Today is a day of great pride and patriotism for our nation, as Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson makes history as the first Black woman to be confirmed to the Supreme Court.The House also passed the Ukraine War Crimes Act to ensure that perpetrators can be brought to justice. America is unwavering in our commitment to the Ukrainian people, and the Congress will continue to hold Russia to account. Read my full statement here:Putins aggression and barbaric war crimes have horrified the world and demand a strong response. Since the start, the United States Congress has taken action to punish Russia, choke off the Russian economy and support Ukraine, including through $13.6 billion in assistance.Today, the Congress took strong action to hold Russia accountable for its unprovoked, premeditated war against Ukraine. By again voting to ban the import of Russian oil and suspend normal trade relations, the House is sending to @POTUS desk additional action to isolate Russia.Yesterday, the House voted to hold Peter Navarro and Daniel Scavino in contempt of Congress for withholding key information on the #January6th attack. In doing so, we fulfill our duty to the Constitution and the nation to find the truth of that dark day.For generations, Americas postal workers have tied our Republic closer together. This bipartisan legislation delivers common-sense reforms to ensure that @USPS remains a pillar of our democracy for decades to come.This afternoon, I was proud to stand with @POTUS and Members of Congress for the signing of the Postal Service Reform Act of 2022.Join @POTUS, @VP, Congressional Leaders & me @WhiteHouse for a signing ceremony of the Postal Service Reform Act, a package of bipartisan, common-sense reforms improving reliability for families & small businesses & securing the future of postal workers..@POTUS' decision to extend the pause on student loan payments is a key step forward in Democrats fight to help Americans struggling with rising costs. This action will ensure that families have more money in their pockets as we remain laser-focused on #BuildingABetterAmerica.It was an honor to join @POTUS, @BarackObama and Members of Congress at the White House. With todays bold action to strengthen the ACA, we are realizing a key priority of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act passed by the House Democrats in 2020.Nearly half of Americans would join a union if given an opportunity. Workers are discovering the profound power of solidarity, from construction workers to brave Amazon employees. That is why the @HouseDemocrats twice passed the Richard L. Trumka PRO Act.Today, it was my privilege to bring greetings from Congress to the leaders, organizers and members of @NABTU. @HouseDemocrats proudly stand with the labor movement as we fight to ensure that every American can access therights and dignities that come with a union. #1uDemocrats are #BuildingABetterAmerica For The People and we will never relent in our fight to bring down the burdensome health costs weighing heavy on Americas families. Read my full statement here:Thanks to @POTUS & @HouseDemocrats, health care is more affordable & accessible than ever. Our Rescue Plan saved families an average of $2,400 last year. And we are fighting to slash prescription drug prices, including by capping out-of-pocket insulin costs at $35/month.By delivering affordable coverage to families who only have unaffordable coverage options at work, we put more money in families' pockets and realize a key priority of the Patient Protection & Affordable Care Enhancement Act passed by the House Democratic Majority in 2020..@POTUS Bidens Executive Order today is a powerful step to lower families health costs. With this bold action to #ProtectOurCare, nearly a million Americans will see lower premiums & hundreds of thousands of uninsured Americans will gain affordable coverage.Join @POTUS Biden, @VP Harris, @BarackObama & me @WhiteHouse to take bold action to strengthen the ACA, which will lower health insurance premiums for nearly a million Americans & bring affordable coverage to hundreds of thousands of uninsured Americans.Join me at @NABTUs Legislative Conference as we celebrate Americas builders and discuss how Democrats are investing in our infrastructure, strengthening our labor movement and #BuildingABetterAmerica.On this sad day, we also laid a sunflower wreath at the MLK Memorial: a tribute to the people of Ukraine as they courageously defend democracy. Congress and the Country remain unwavering in our unity and solidarity with the people of Ukraine and in our prayers for peace.Today, I joined members of the King family and @OMarkarova at a candlelight vigil marking 54 years since the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. We highlighted the importance of protecting democracy here at home and around the world.Justices O'Connor and Ginsburg blazed a trail in the field of law for generations of women to follow. With this bill, they take their rightful place among the heroes of history in our Capitol and ensure that all who walk these hallowed halls know of their extraordinary legacies.Today, I was proud to sign S. 3294, legislation that will bring to the United States Capitol statues of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg: the first two women ever to serve on the Supreme Court.Join members of the King family, @OMarkarova and me for a candlelight vigil in remembrance of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 54 years after his assassination and highlighting the importance of protecting democracy, not just in America, but around the world.This morning, it was my privilege to welcome to the Speakers Office @DrTedros, Director-General of the @WHO. We discussed the COVID-19 pandemic, humanitarian emergencies in Ukraine and Yemen, and other global health issues.As a Californian, I am personally devastated by this horrific shooting. May it be a comfort to the loved ones of those murdered & the Sacramento community that so many in our State & across the nation mourn their loss & pray for them during this sad time.Too many families and communities across the nation have been shattered by the epidemic of gun violence plaguing our nation. Moved by the tireless activism of survivors and advocates, @HouseDemocrats passed commonsense and urgent action that will help end the bloodshed.Californians and all Americans join the Sacramento community in horror and anguish over this mornings mass shooting. Our hearts are with the victims of this brutal violence and with their families, and we are grateful for the heroism of our first responders.See what happened around the United Sates Capitol this week with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.As we continue to grapple with ongoing challenges, Ramadan serves as a powerful reminder to embrace the values of charity, selflessness and compassion for others. #RamadanMubarak to all who celebrate, and may this month bring peace and blessings to all.The House has taken action to combat religious & racial discrimination, passing the NO BAN Act & Access to Counsel Act last year to protect civil rights & prevent executive abuses of authority. We must honor our nations promise & send religious bigotry to the dustbin of history.Despite the invaluable contributions of Muslim Americans, Islamophobia continues to threaten our Muslim communities and undermine Americans most cherished national values, with hate crimes against Muslims on the rise in recent years.For generations, Americas large and diverse Muslim communities have been essential to our nations success: whether serving on the frontlines of the pandemic, advancing the fight against injustice in our communities or enriching our cultural tapestry.Today at sundown, Muslim communities in America and around the world joyfully welcome the Holy Month of #Ramadan. Each year, the emergence of the new moon brings a season of self-reflection, spiritual renewal and gratitude for lifes blessings.Calling all San Francisco high school artists: the deadline for this years Congressional Art Competition is April 24th! Find out more atThank you @POTUS & @SecretaryPete for delivering world-class transportation options for Bay Area families with the #AmericanRescuePlan. As we Build a Better America, @HouseDemocrats are fighting to expand clean, reliable public transit in San Francisco & across the country.As a proud representative for San Francisco, it was my privilege to secure more than $116 million for the @SFMTA_Muni Van Ness Buss Rapid Transit System to provide easier commutes, reduce congestion, improve safety and help combat the climate crisis.President Biden and the Democratic Congress are #BuildingABetterAmerica For The People: lowering costs, growing paychecks and creating jobs for families while ensuring the richest few pay their fair share..@HouseDemocrats remain focused on lowering costs for Americas families by passing legislation to cap families out-of-pocket cost of insulin at $35 per month & enacting our competitiveness bill, which will help bring down prices for consumers by making more goods in America.The March job report shows Democrats economic strategy continues to power a strong jobs recovery. Since @POTUS took office, our nation has created 7.9 million new jobs, slashed the unemployment rate to 3.6% & workers wages are rising with the help of our #AmericanRescuePlan.Today, the Democratic House passed the #AffordableInsulinNow Act capping the out-of-pocket cost of insulin at $35 per month and putting money back into the pockets of hard-working families and vulnerable seniors.Trans rights are human rights. We see you. We love you. We value you. Today and every day, we are proud to stand with the trans and non-binary community in the fight to ensure you are accepted just as you are. #TransDayOfVisibilityJoin me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Read My Full Statement onCsar Chvez DayAs Americans celebrate Csar Chvezs remarkable achievements, let his example inspire our shared fight to defend the fundamental rights & dignities of working people. Today, & every day, we proudly stand with our partners in the labor movement as we work to #BuildaBetterAmerica.While Democrats continue fighting to enact these urgently needed reforms, our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law is delivering historic investments to communities across the country creating good-paying union jobs with Davis-Bacon prevailing wage protections.House Democrats have also twice passed the Richard L. Trumka PRO Act to reform our nations outdated labor laws and strengthen Americans right to join a union.Building on Chvezs legendary advocacy, House Democrats have taken action to ensure that nobody who works to feed our country is limited to permanent second class status, twice passing the bipartisan Farm Workforce Modernization Act.Today, Californians and all Americans honor Csar Chvez, a fearless champion for justice and a tireless civil rights activist. Chvez was an icon of the modern labor movement, leading the United Farm Workers fight for better pay and protections against exploitation.This morning, I spoke to West Point cadets about Congress role in advancing our national security and shared some of the lessons Ive learned during my time in Congress. Our nation is honored by the service & dedication of these cadets and all US servicemembers.As Speaker of the House, it was my official honor to welcomeHis Excellency@LeeHsienLoong, Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore, to the United States Capitol today for a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join His Excellency @LeeHsienLoong, Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore and me live at the United States Capitol for a photo opportunity.It was an honor to welcome Ambassador @OMarkarova and women Members of the @UA_Parliament to the United States Capitol to discuss the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine.Last night, I had the privilege of meeting with the Honorable @MKMickeyLevy,Speaker of the Knesset of the State of Israel to discuss bilateral relations and regional security. I alsoexpressed condolences for the victims of the recent terrorist attacks in Israel.Today, I was proud to join @POTUS for the signing of the Emmett Till Antilynching Act. With his signature, lynching is finally designated as a federal hate crime a long-overdue action to correct an historic injustice and build a safer future our all our children.It was clear that he was passionate about this institution and its unique ability to make a difference for Alaska and America. While we are all devastated by his loss, his many friends in the House will strive to live up to his towering legacy.Today, it was my solemn, official honor to welcome back to the United States Capitol the Dean of the House, Congressman Don Young. The longest-serving Republican in the history of the House,he once stated:I love this body. I believe in this body. My heart is in the House.Join @POTUS Biden, Congressional Leaders and me at the @WhiteHouse for the signing of the Emmett Till Antilynching Act, landmark legislation that will designate lynching as a federal hate crime.Join Members of Congress and me at the U.S. Capitol for a Departure Ceremony for Congressman Donald Edwin Young, the Dean of the U.S. House of Representatives.Join Members of Congress and me at the U.S. Capitol for a Congressional Tribute to pay respects to Congressman Donald Edwin Young, the Dean of the U.S. House of Representatives.The tireless work of the Select Committee to Investigate January 6th continues to be essential to understanding the deadly insurrection, holding those responsible to account and preventing a future assault on our democracy.This ruling is a victory for the rule of law: allowing @January6thCmte to review documents related to the deadly insurrection. The Court also found that, in plotting to subvert the 2020 election, the former President most likely committed federal crimes.I am deeply moved by the thousands of students who have spoken up and walked out to protest this bigoted legislation. @HouseDemocrats proudly stand with them, and we will continue fighting to enact long overdue protections for LGBTQ Americans starting with the #EqualityAct.This cruel legislation is an affront to our Nations cherished values and sends a harmful message to our children.  @GovRonDeSantis and Florida Republicans have chosen to needlessly bully, isolate and demean LGBTQ students..@POTUS' budget honors this truth: our federal budget must be a statement of our national values. The Congress looks forward to working with the @WhiteHouse to pass a budget that will serve as a crucial foundation for our work #BuildingABetterAmerica.Democrats' commitment to fiscal responsibility has put the nation on track to slash the deficit by an historic $1.3 trillion this year, and this proposal aims to build on that progress by further reducing the deficit by more than $1 trillion over the next decade.The investments proposed in the #BidenBudget demonstrate a strong focus on ensuring community safety, with more investments in police and violence prevention. It would also invest in national security, as America continues to counter Russias unprovoked war in Ukraine.This bold fiscal blueprint proposes deeply needed investments in communities across the country to help lower the everyday costs weighing on families, grow workers paychecks and create good-paying jobs all while ensuring the wealthiest few pay their fair share.Today, @POTUS submitted to the Congress a strong, visionary budget request that would make progress #ForThePeople. As our nation continues our record-setting recovery from the pandemic, the Biden budget would help meet the needs of Americas families.See what happened in my travels this week with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Today, President Biden delivered a powerful, unifying speech that reaffirmed Americas ironclad commitment to democracy. Thank you @POTUS for your strong leadership in Poland rallying our Allies to continue supporting the brave Ukrainian people & countering Russias aggression.Maya Angelou was defined by courage, from her searing poetry and tireless activismtoher unshakeable spirit. A timeless inspiration, her likeness will reflect centuries of progress as it appears alongside a basic idea: E Pluribus Unum out of many, one.Today, I was proud to join @RepBarbaraLee,@RosieRios, former Mayor Willie Brownand Bay Area leaders to celebrate the release of the Maya Angelou Quarter the first coin in the American Women Quarters Program.Join @RepBarbaraLee, @RosieRios, former Mayor Willie Brown, special guests and me at San Franciscos Western Addition Library for a #WomensHistoryMonth event celebrating the American Women Quarters program, starting with the Maya Angelou quarter.See an excerpt from @FrontlinePBS documentary on my nearly 35 years fighting #ForThePeople in Congress.Join live for a roundtable with domestic violence survivors, experts and advocates to celebrate the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act and acknowledge the lifesaving resources provided one year ago in the American Rescue Plan.Secretary Albright truly blessed our nation with her pioneering and patriotic service. Read my full statement on the passing of Secretary Madeleine Albright:Secretary Albrights family arrived in Ellis Island as refugees in 1948, and she rose to become a barrier-breaking leader on the world stage. She was a force in advancing Americas security, and her warnings about the rise of autocracy remain a guide for us today.Today, we lost a towering champion for peace, diplomacy and democracy: Secretary Madeleine Albright. As the first woman to serve as our top diplomat, she paved the way for generations of women serving at the highest levels of government and representing our nation abroad.In the face of these cruel Republican attacks, Democrats will never relent in our fight to defend workingfamilies. Today, werenew our commitment to #BuildingaBetterAmerica and lowering health care costs and prescription drug prices.Meanwhile, Republicans continue to promise to wage a shameful assault on the Affordable Care Act, threatening to rip away protections and coverage from millions of working families.Last year, amid the darkness of the pandemic, Democrats took action to expand the promise of the Affordable Care Act to lower health costs even further for millions more families.The Affordable Care Act stands alongside Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security as a pillar of health and financial security especially for the 130 million Americans living with pre-existing conditions, who now enjoy life-saving protections.Today, our nation celebrates this landmark laws essential role in safeguarding Americans health and preserving families hard-earned savings through quality, affordable insurance.Twelve years ago, when President Obama signed the #AffordableCareAct into law, our nation took an historic step toward fulfilling a fundamental promise: that health care is a right, not a privilege.Join me and @MarkKUpdegrove live in conversation at the LBJ Presidential Library in Austin, Texas, on the state of democracy at home and abroad, as well as House Democrats legislative agenda.Democrats are fighting to #ProtectOurCare, working to strengthen the ACA & extend coverage to more Americans.  Meanwhile, Republicans happily admit that they want to hike costs, terminate protections & endanger more than 130 million Americans health care.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.For thousands of years, Nowruz has been a time to gather with loved ones and joyfully face all that the future may bring. May all who celebrate today be blessed with the love of family and friends. #NowruzMobarak!As we welcome this season of renewal, we recognize Iranian Americans innumerable contributions in California and across the nation. From enriching our culture to blazing trails as leaders, generations of Iranian Americans have proudly made America more American.Today, Iranian Americans and millions around the globe celebrate #Nowruz and the promise of a new year. Arriving amid the warmth of spring, Norwuz offers a moment to reflect on the progress of the past year while drawing hope for all that still lies ahead.Republicans are still plotting to terminate protections for more than 130 Americans with pre-existing conditions shamelessly ignoring their constituents, health experts and common sense.For generations, Americas postal workers have bound our Republic closer together. Congress is ensuring that @USPS remains a pillar of our democracy delivering prescriptions, Social Security benefits, paychecks, tax returns, absentee ballots and more to Americans everywhere.Today, I was proud to send the #PostalServiceReformAct to @POTUS a historic, bipartisan legislation that will strengthen @USPS, providing more predictability for small businesses, more reliable service for families, and a more secure future for postal workers.Looking forward to cheering on @USFDonsMBB for their return to the Big Dance tonight. Go Dons!Join @WhipClyburn, @RepMaloney, @FrankPallone, @RepStephenLynch, @RepLawrence and me at the U.S. Capitol for a bill enrollment ceremony for the #PostalServiceReform Act.Join me at the U.S. Capitol for the Annual Friends of Ireland Luncheon.Join @POTUS Biden and me at the U.S. Capitol for the Annual Friends of Ireland Luncheon.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.From my family to yours, Happy St. Patrick's Day!With @POTUS signature for the government funding bill, Democrats in Congress took another step in the fight to #BuildABetterAmerica yesterday with federal investments to help lower costs and create jobs for Americas families.Our AAPI communities have long been subjected to hateful violence and this crisis has surged during the pandemic. With the COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act, Congress took historic action to continue combating racist violence, stamping out hate and holding offenders accountable.Earlier today, Members of Congress paid tribute to the eight Americans murdered in an act of bigotry in Georgia one year ago six of whom were Asian American women. We must never relent in our fight to #StopAsianHateOn behalf of the United States Congress, I salute our partners in the G7 and the EU for the unity, commitment and determination they bring to our shared effort to advance our shared values and promote peace. Read my full statement here:We also conveyed our heartbreak at the humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in Ukraine, with more than 3 million refugees forced to flee & countless civilians facing Russian attacks. We reaffirmed our commitment to providing humanitarian, security & economic assistance to Ukraine.In addition, we called on the Russian government to immediately end its brutal, violent invasion and reiterated our support for negotiations that can achieve a lasting diplomatic solution.The Speakers unequivocally condemned the Russian Federation for its illegal attack on Ukraines sovereignty & territorial integrity. We expressed our intention to continue to contribute to Russias international & economic isolation as well as combat its disinformation.This morning, the Speakers & Presidents of Parliament of the G7 & the EU met virtually with @R_Stefanchuk. Following the meeting, we issued a strong & unified Declaration making clear the @G7's commitment to Ukraine & against the Russian governments cruel, unprovoked war.Democrats will continue combating hate whenever and wherever it arises because it is an attack on our democracys basic promise of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.Nearly seven decades later, the lynching of Emmett Till is seared into Americas collective memory. Tragically, bigoted violence is not yet a relic of the past: from the scourge of police brutality to assaults on houses of worship and more.This afternoon, we prepared to send the Emmett Till Antilynching Act to President Biden for his signature. This landmark legislation will designate lynching as a federal hate crime: action that has long been overdue.Join @LeaderHoyer, @RepBobbyRush, @RepBeatty, @BennieGThompson and me at the U.S. Capitol for an enrollment ceremony for H.R. 55 the Emmett Till Antilynching Act, landmark legislation that will designate lynching as a federal hate crime.Join Representatives from @CAPAC and me at the U.S. Capitol to join in honoring the eight Americans murdered out of hate one year ago and to continue fighting to #StopAsianHate and combat racist violence in all its forms.This morning, Members of the House and Senate had the distinct privilege of receiving a virtual address by President @ZelenskyyUa. Congress and the country remain unwavering in our commitment to the people of Ukraine as they courageously defend democracy.Join Members of Congress and me at the U.S. Capitol as we hear a virtual address by @ZelenskyyUa and convey our unwavering support for the people of Ukraine as they face Putin's cruel and diabolical aggression and bravely defend democracy.From President Kennedys Equal Pay Act to President Obamas Lilly Ledbetter Act, Democrats have long led the fight to guarantee equal pay for equal work. @HouseDemocrats are building on that legacy fighting alongside the Biden Administration to unleash womens full potential.Today, I was proud to join the House Democratic Womens Caucus,@SecMartyWalshandadvocatesto mark#EqualPayDay.Join @POTUS, Congressional Leaders and me at the @WhiteHouse for the signing of a historic omnibus funding package which lowers costs for working families, creates jobs and tackles some of our nations biggest challenges.Join me at the @LeagueOfCities Congressional City Conferenceas I share how @HouseDemocrats are fighting for our cities,townsand villages which are the engines of education, community and opportunity for so manyAmericanfamilies.Join @DemWomenCaucus, @SecMartyWalsh, @RepSpeier, @RepLawrence, equal pay advocates and me at the U.S. Capitol for an event on #EqualPayDay marking all the extra days women must work to reach the amount men made in the previous year.Fairness is an all-American value. This Equal Pay Day, during #WomensHistoryMonth, & every day, let us reaffirm our commitment to advancing the fundamental fairness of our economy & building a future where all can earn a fair wage & chase their dreams.Democrats are continuing to fight for the bedrock principle of equal pay for equal work passing the Paycheck Fairness Act, which will strengthen and modernize the #EqualPay Act so that American women are empowered to take home every dollar they have earned.#EqualPayDay reminds us of the systemic economic barriers holding back women & our entire nation. More than 4 in 10 women are their families primary breadwinners, yet they take home only 83 cents for every $1 made by their male colleagues a gap even wider for women of color.Join @RepJeffries, @NydiaVelazquez, @RepYvetteClarke, local labor leaders and me at Pier One in Brooklyn Bridge Park for a press conference on Building a Better America through investing in our nations infrastructure.See what happened behind-the-scenes this past week with myMediumpost, MadamSpeaker.Join @RepKClark, @RepPressley, @RepLoriTrahan, @CHAlliance & me for a discussion on how the #AmericanRescuePlan has helped support hospitals, increased access to affordable health care & strengthened behavioral health services.The House salutes @RosaDeLauro for her masterful leadership in negotiating this package, which will serve as a strong foundation as @HouseDemocrats continue our focus on #BuildingABetterAmerica.Finally, this legislation also secures $13.6 billion in deeply needed humanitarian, military and economic assistance for Ukraine. The Congress remains ironclad in our commitment to supporting the Ukrainian people as they face Putin's diabolical aggression.This bill makes crucial investments in meeting the urgent needs of American families, workers, veterans and national security.  Proudly, during #WomensHistoryMonth, this legislation also finally reauthorizes the Violence Against Women Act.Today, I signed an historic omnibus government funding bill to continue to deliver #ForThePeople through the end of the fiscal year.  This bill now heads to @POTUS to become law.While Republicans want to hike taxes and rip away health care from families, Democrats are focusing on Building a Better America: lowering families costs, increasing their paychecks and creating good-paying jobs. Read my full statement here:Because of the success of the #AmericanRescuePlan, @POTUS & @HouseDemocrats helped our nation power an extraordinary economic recovery, which has created more than 7 million good-paying jobs & slashed unemployment to 3.8%. Now, Democrats are hard at work to build on these gains.Proudly, in the Rescue Plan,Democrats took action to honorour frontline heroes health care workers, police officers, firefighters, teachers, and food, sanitation and transportation workers who are the backbone of our economy.This law saved lives with vaccinations, testing, tracing, PPE & more. It put Americans on the road to financial security with direct payments, housing assistance, investments in small businesses, measures to lift millions of children out of poverty & help for cities & states.One year ago,inthe darkness of the pandemic,@POTUS proudly signed into law @HouseDemocrats #AmericanRescuePlan,putting our nation on the path to crush the pandemic by getting shots in arms, money in pockets, workers safely back on the job and children safely back at school.Putins premeditated, unprovoked war is an attack on the Ukrainian people & an attack on democracy. The House remains steadfast in our commitment to partnering with @POTUS & our allies to level swift, severe punishment & stand with the Ukrainian people.When the House returns next week, we will take up legislation to formalize this revocation, and it is our hope that it will receive a strong, bipartisan vote. This measure builds on the bipartisan package the House passed on Wednesday that bans Russian oil & energy products.Today, America & our allies take a strong step to further isolate Russia from the global economy by revoking permanent normal trade relations from Russia. In doing so with coordination with our partners abroad, we further counter Putins aggression against the people of Ukraine.Congress is proud to stand with the people of Tibet, for if we do not speak out against human rights abuses in China due to commercial interests, then we will lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights anywhere else in the world.The U.S. is committed to holding Beijing accountable & will work to facilitate a productive dialogue. In 2020, the House proudly led the way in enacting the Tibet Policy and Support Act, promoting the distinct religious, linguistic & cultural identity of the Tibetan people.63 years ago, thousands of Tibetans put their lives on the line to defend their families, faith & way of life from violent occupation. Today, we commemorate the courage & resilience of the people of #Tibet & recommit to supporting their struggle for liberty & autonomy.We paid tribute to all trailblazing women in sports, especially those who fought for Title IX and blazed a trail for our daughters. We also welcomed to the U.S. Capitol Dr. Wendy Mink, daughter of the legendary Congresswoman Patsy Mink who was the godmother of Title IX.During #WomensHistoryMonth and nearly 50 years after we enacted Title IX, Congress had the privilege of honoring an all-American icon, @BillieJeanKing. She is a game-changing athlete, a devoted champion for women and a fearless voice for LGBTQ Americans.Today, the House will proudly pass our government funding legislation, which includes $13.6 billion in assistance for Ukraine. We will also pass our strong, bipartisan bill to ban Russian oil and energy products and taking further actions to diminish Russias economy.It was an honor to speak with @ZelenskyyUa today, who has been so courageous, determined and strategic in protecting his country. We talked about a range of issues, including Putinsheinous murder of babies, children and mothers, and America's unwavering support for Ukraine.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Join @BobbyScott, @BillieJeanKing, Dr. Gwendolyn Mink & me for an annual #WomensHistoryMonth event celebrating the 50th anniversary of Title IX landmark legislation helping women chase their dreams in the classroom, on the field & in every arena.We thank @POTUS for his bold vision and all the members of the Appropriations Committee and the Republican leadership for working together on this historic legislation. Read the Full Joint Statement on Historic Omnibus Appropriations Agreement:This historic legislation will carry major bipartisan legislation that has been in the making for years including reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act & new cybersecurity protections to fight against cyber attacks to our infrastructure by Russia & other bad actors.And enacting the omnibus unlocks more federal funding under our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law bringing transformational investments to roads, bridges, transit, water systems, airports, broadband and more across America.This Omnibus will increase funding for key domestic priorities, including a $400 increase to the maximum Pell Grant award, the establishment of President Bidens new cancer research initiative known as ARPA-H, and so much more.The agreement will also invest $15.6 billion in Emergency Supplemental funding for President Bidens COVID-19 response to protect and treat against new variants, avoid shutdowns and fight the virus abroad.The agreement will invest $13.6 billion in Emergency Supplemental funding for Ukraine security & humanitarian needs. The brave, freedom-loving people of Ukraine & our allies in the region will receive urgently needed investments to fight the Russians illegal & immoral invasion..@SenSchumer and I are pleased to announce that the Congress has reached an historic bipartisan omnibus appropriations agreement #ForThePeople. This bipartisan agreement will help us address many of the major challenges we face at home and abroad.On a bipartisan & bicameral basis, the Congress will continue to work with the Administration to take every potential action to limit the costs of Putins aggression on American families focusing on ensuring the stability of global oil markets & diversifying our energy supply.Our bill has three major provisions: itwill ban the import of Russian oil & energy products into the U.S., it will take steps to review Russias access to the WTO and explore how we can diminish Russia in the global economy & it will reauthorize & strengthen the Magnitsky Act.Today, the House will pass strong, bipartisan legislation to hold Putin accountable for his unprovoked war against Ukraine.In doing so, we support @POTUS actions to ban Russian energy products and demonstrate Americas strength and determination.Read My Full Statement On International Women's Day:Today, and every day, let us summon the extraordinary courage and resilience of the many women who came before us. Democrats will never relent as we carry on the fight for full equality not only for our nations daughters, but for women and girls all over the world.Guided by the leadership of more than 120 women Members, the Democratic House is building a more just future from strengthening women's rights in the workplace to defending reproductive health freedoms to advancing investments in maternal care, child care and more.Today, on #InternationalWomensDay, we celebrate the generations of trailblazing women who have paved a path toward gender justice. This day also serves as a global rallying cry, calling on us to advance the rights and dignities of women at home, at work and in every part of life.Here we go again: even in the wake of a pandemic, the GOP just cant quit their obsession with ripping health care away from Americans with pre-existing conditions. Meanwhile, Democrats are working to lower costs, expand access and #ProtectOurCare.In his State of the Union Address, @POTUS delivered a powerful message of progress, empathy and hope for Americas working families. Together, he and Democrats are focused on Building a Better America.Click the link below for more behind-the-scenes content from my recent post on Madam Speaker.Democrats are focused onBuilding a Better America: making more goods in America, lowering the costs of energy, child care, prescription drugs and more, bolstering competition to deliver better prices for consumers, and creating more good-paying union jobs across the country.The voices of women have weathered adversity to move America closer to realizing its greatest ideals. We stand on the shoulders of trailblazing pioneers & everyday heroes alike, & honor the legacy of those women by reaffirming a simple truth: when women succeed, America succeeds.President Biden and the Democratic Congress are focused on #BuildingABetterAmerica: with lower costs, bigger paychecks and more jobs. Read my full statement here:More must be done to help ease the burdens of American families who are under pressure from rising prices. That is why Democrats are working to make more goods here in America, lower costs, promote fair competition, and ensure every American can find a good-paying job.Todays jobs report is further evidence of a record-breaking jobs recovery. Under the leadership of @POTUS Biden & @HouseDemocrats over the last 13 months, our nation has created 7.4 million jobs while slashing unemployment from 6.4 percent to 3.8 percent. #BuildingABetterAmericaAfter decades of little recognition, this act will properly recognize the 6888th's heroism. I was proud to stand with Representatives @RepGwenMoore, @RepBarbaraLee and @RepBeatty in honoring these American patriots.The 6888th Battalion has inspired generations of Americans. Battling prejudice and the hardships of war alike, the unit sorted millions of pieces of mail to ensure that Servicemembers received letters from their loved ones.As Speaker of the House, it was my honor to signthe Six Triple Eight Congressional Gold Medal Act today in order to honor the 6888thCentral Postal Directory Battalion the only all-female, Black unit inEuropeduring World War II.It amazes me that anyone willing to spend $2 trillion on the GOP Tax Scam for the rich would now vote against paying for the health care our heroic veterans have earned.Best wishes for the Tibetan New Year to His Holiness the @DalaiLama and all Tibetans. #Losar Tashi Delek!Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.I was proud to join @RepCheri, @RepJerryNadler, @RepJayapal & @RepCicilline to enroll the Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act a bipartisan victory for justice and freedom.It was a pleasure to welcomeHis Royal Highness, Prince Salman BinHamadAl Khalifa, Crown Prince and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Bahrain to the United States Capitol to discuss advancing economic, energy and international security.Just as the military pledges to leave no soldier behind on the battlefield, we must leave no veteran behind when they return home. The Honoring Our PACT Act finally, faithfully fulfills that pledge.Today, I was proud to join @RepMarkTakano, @RepRaulRuizMD, @RepElaineLuria, @jonstewart and advocates to highlight the bipartisan Honoring Our PACT Act comprehensive legislation securing health care for Servicemembers exposed to toxic substances.Join me for a Bill Enrollment Ceremony for the Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act.Join @RepMarkTakano, @RepElaineLuria, @RepRaulRuizMD, advocates and me for a press conference to highlight the urgent need to pass the Honoring Our PACT Act on the House floor this week.With @POTUS leadership, we will make more goods in America, lower everyday costs of energy, child care, prescription drugs and more, deliver better prices for consumers & create more good-paying union jobs. Together, we are Building a Better America.And, @POTUS delivered a powerful message of progress, empathy & hope for Americas working families. The President spoke powerfully to the kitchen table issues facing Americas working families & Democrats plans to lower their costs.Last night, our nation and the entire world saw President Bidens resolve in his #SOTU Address that Democracy will prevail over autocracy. Americas commitment to Ukraines sovereignty and to the Ukrainian people remains ironclad.As @POTUS always says: Never bet against the American people. Tonight he delivered his #SOTU Address to share how our nation has built an historic economic recovery and how there is more we must do to lower costs for Americas working families.I am honored to welcome @POTUS to the Congress to give the State of the Union Address.Members of Congress, I have the high privilege and distinct honor of presenting to you the President of the United States. #SOTUJoin the Congress and me as @POTUS shares directly with the American people in his #SOTU Address about the progress our nation has made in the last year and how, together, we can continue to meet and beat the challenges we face.Tonight in the #SOTU, we will hear from @POTUS on the historic economic recovery powered by the #AmericanRescuePlan. Last year, America created a record 6.6 million jobs, started 5.4 million new small businesses & unemployment saw the biggest single year drop in U.S. history.In tonights #SOTU Address, @POTUS will share Democrats work to lower costs for American families and how our Democratic Majorities in Congress and the @WhiteHouse continue to lead our nation through the greatest year of job creation in American history.The Congress remains unwavering and resolute in our support for the people of Ukraine. We are committed to providing humanitarian and security assistance to Ukraine, as Russia wages its unprovoked and premeditated war.I am looking forward to welcoming @POTUS to the House Chamber and hearing his #SOTU Address, which will offer a message of empathy, action and optimism, as well as his vision for the future as we face the challenges and opportunities of the year ahead.Today I joined @MitchellReports on @MSNBC to speak about Ukraine, the State of the Union and other news of the day.Her story serves as a testament to the power of organized labor and the importance of dealing working families back in as President Biden and the Democratic Congress continue our work to build a brighter, fairer future for all. Learn more here:During President Biden's first year in office, our nation has powered an historic economic recovery. As a union member, Meg-Anne knows how the historic investments under Bidens Bipartisan Infrastructure Law will be game-changing for Americas working families.As @POTUS Biden delivers his first #SOTU Address tonight, it is my privilege to have as my virtual guest Meg-Anne Pryor a proud San Franciscan union member and a barrier-breaker in organized labor.Today, and every day, let us renew our pledge to build on the victories of past generations and strive to unleash the full potential of women in our government, society and economy. Read my full statement on #WHM here:During #WomensHistoryMonth, Americans reflect on the generations of women whose courage, relentlessness and patriotism have helped write our nations story. Today, we honor their legacy by reaffirming a simple truth: when women succeed, America succeeds.Every woman, everywhere, has the Constitutional right to basic reproductive health care. House Democrats will never relent in defending health freedoms across our nation wherever and whenever they come under threat. Read my full statement here:Across the country, the right to abortion access and reproductive care, which has been relied upon by Americans for nearly half a century, is under all-out attack by Republican state legislatures.By passing the Womens Health Protection Act in September, House Democrats took bold action to defend health freedoms & ensure Constitutional rights aren't limited by income, background or zip code. Last night, Senate Republicans shamefully voted to block this vital legislation.House Democrats will not rest until we guarantee the inalienable rights of every American. We now call on the Senate to take immediate action and send this bill to the Presidents desk. Read my full statement here:Nearly seven decades later, the brutal murder of Emmett Till is forever seared into our collective memory. Sadly, hateful attacks are not yet a relic of the past. That is why @HouseDemocrats are empowering our legal system with more tools to bring perpetrators to justice.The House took an important step to advance the cause of justice by finally designating lynching as a hate crime under federal law. In again passing @RepBobbyRush's Emmett Till #AntilynchingAct, we are confronting the reality of racist violence & helping to build a safer future.As Speaker, it was my privilege today to welcome to the U.S. Capitol a statue of a true patriot: Pierre LEnfant.  As we unveil this statue, we take another step toward the full equality that the people of D.C. deserve.Join @WhipClyburn, @EleanorNorton, @MayorBowser, @ChmnMendelson & me for a statue dedication ceremony honoring Pierre LEnfant & an unveiling of his statue, a gift from D.C., joining Frederick Douglass as D.C.s second statue in the Capitol.By investing in our future, we will secure Americas technological and economic dominance for decades to come. Click the link below for more behind-the-scenes access from my recent post on Madam Speaker.TheCOMPETES Act will power the success of our workers & our businesses: creating good-paying union jobs, transporting our nation into the future & supercharging our success at home and on the world stage.The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law makes our nations energy supply stronger & more resilient with: - Thousands of miles of new & more resilient transmission lines - New programs supporting clean energy technologies - Funding to accelerate our transition to a zero-emission economyJoin @RepBarbaraLee, @DorisMatsui, Bay Area education & research leaders & me at @BerkeleyLab to highlight the House passage of the #AmericaCOMPETES Act a strong package to fix supply chains, increase manufacturing & strengthen global competitiveness.The Postal Service bonds our nation together, and the House has taken a key step toward preserving that tradition for the long term.It was a privilege to be back in the Bayview yesterday, celebrating a victory #ForThePeople. Joining with postal union leaders and @shamannwalton, I highlighted the critical support that the #PostalServiceReformAct will deliver to the Post Office.Congress and the Country look forward to her receiving a fair and timely hearing, as well as a strong bipartisan vote in the Senate. Read my full statement here:Judge Jackson will be a force for justice on the Court, with masterful command of the law and outstanding credentials. After beginning her career as a clerk for Justice Breyer, she will carry on his mission to preserve the Courts role as a defender of our rights and freedoms.This is a moment of great pride & patriotism for our nation, as Judge Jackson makes history as the first Black woman nominated to the Supreme Court. She will also be the first federal public defender to serve on the Court & will bring extensive courtroom experience to the bench.In nominating Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to the Supreme Court, @POTUS has chosen a widely respected jurist who will bring to the Court one of the sharpest legal minds in a generation, an unyielding commitment to justice and a strong voice for American values.Join postal union leaders, @ShamannWalton & me at a @USPS facility in San Franciscos Bayview neighborhood to celebrate the House passage of the #PostalServiceReformAct & to highlight the bills critical provisions to support the U.S. Postal Service.Congress is closely monitoring the situation, including with a briefing from the Administration today and with a classified in-person briefing next week. The U.S. Congress joins President Biden and all Americans in praying for the Ukrainian people.The response of America and our allies will be severe, ongoing and devastating for Russia, economically, diplomatically, and strategically. @POTUS has made clear throughout Russias escalation we will continue to impose costs on Russia that will leave it weakened in every way.The leadership of President Biden and our allies to demonstrate overwhelming resolve is crucial in this moment of heartbreak and suffering for the Ukrainian people. We are united with strength and coordination in our commitment to Ukraines sovereignty and territorial integrity.Russias launch of a premeditated war against the sovereign nation of Ukraine is an attack on democracy and a violation of international law, global peace and security. Putins unprovoked actions will cause devastating loss of life and a diminishing of Russia in the world order.An attack on Ukraine is an attack on democracy. I applaud @POTUS for his forceful leadership in imposing the first tranche of swift & severe sanctions to counter Russian aggression. The U.S. & our allies stand together in our unwavering support of the Ukrainian people.Democrats passed the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to deliver results #ForThePeople. This funding is a key step to ease supply chain congestion and lower prices for American consumers, making it easier for businesses to bring goods to the market.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Today, we met with @Keir_Starmer & other Members of Parliament. We discussed the transatlantic response to the situation in Ukraine, COVID-19 response & recovery, increasing economic prosperity people in the US & the UK & transitioning to diversified green energy solutions.Following our meetings in Israel, Germany & the United Kingdom, we return with confidence in our partnerships abroad & inspired to continue working to strengthen security, economy & democratic governance for people around the world. Read my full statement:As part of our visit, our delegation also met with a dedicated and courageous group of activists for human rights in China, recognizing the threat posed by the Chinese Communist Partys decades-long campaign of repression against the Chinese people.During our visit to London, President Putin further escalated his aggression against Ukraine. I applaud @POTUS for his forceful leadership today in imposing the first tranche of swift and severe sanctions.Our delegation also held additional bilateral meetings with senior British leaders @TrussLiz & @Keir_Starmer to discuss the importance of the NATO alliance & transatlantic partnership, the COVID-19 response & the imperative of transitioning to diversified green energy solutions.Yesterday, @CommonsSpeaker extended to our delegation the privilege of an official welcome to @HouseOfCommons & a ceremonial luncheon with senior Members of Parliament. We also met with @BorisJohnson & discussed the determination of allied nations to counter Russian aggression.Our Congressional delegation came to the United Kingdom to reaffirm our nations enduring relationship & to deepen the bonds between parliaments. In our discussions, we expressed how the relationship remains crucial in the fight against anti-democratic forces around the globe.In this challenging moment, the special relationship between our nations will remain crucial. The United States and the United Kingdom must continue to work together to unify our NATO allies, ensure security and promote democracy. Read my statement here:Our Congressional delegation today held a bilateral meeting with @BorisJohnson. The discussion focused on Russias ongoing aggression against Ukraine, which poses a threat to the people of the Ukraine, to security and stability in Europe & to democratic values around the world.On behalf of the Congress, I look forward to reciprocating Speaker Hoyles hospitality by welcoming him to the United States Capitol soon. Read my full statement here:In our meeting with Speaker Hoyle, we discussed the perilous situation in Ukraine and how we can continue our work together to strengthen the transatlantic alliance as we advance our mutual security, common economic interests and shared democratic values.Today, our Congressional delegation had the great privilege of visiting the British House of Commons. We thank @CommonsSpeaker for his official welcome to our delegation, which included an official lunch and welcome to the Chamber of the House of Commons.Our Congressional delegation was honored to be welcomed to the British House of Commons today. When I signed the chambers guest book, I paid tribute to the strong bond between our Houses and conveyed Americas enduring commitment to the special relationship between our nations.The ties between the U.S. House of Representatives & the British House of Commons are historic, strong & enduring. Thank you @CommonsSpeaker Lindsay Hoyle for your gracious & generous hospitality & strong leadership to advance mutual security, economic interests & shared values.As a longtime leader in fighting the PRC's human right abuses, it was a privilege to meet with @NathanLawkc, @MahmutRahima & @AngelaGui_, fighters for freedom, human rights & the rule of law.  Congress commitment to human rights in China is bipartisan, bicameral & lasting.One of our delegations first stops in London was to greet our U.S. Marine Detachment at @USAinUK. It was our honor to bring the gratitude of the Congress to our heroes in uniform for their patriotic service to our nation.Read my full statement on the conclusion of the Congressional Delegation visit to #MSC2022 here:We also met with European partners @OlafScholz, @JensStoltenberg, @vonderLeyen and @Vitaliy_Klychko and heard remarks by @ZelenskyyUa. We expressed Americas commitment to NATO and the transatlantic alliance, support for the people of Ukraine and opposition to Russian aggression.Our delegation met with key American leaders @SecBlinken, @US_EUCOM Commander Tod Wolters, @USAfricaCommand Commander Stephen Townsend, @USAmbNATO & the U.S. Country Team, led by Ambassador Amy Gutmann. We discussed our national security & commitment to diplomacy first.In the interest of our national security, economic strength & democratic values, our Congressional delegation came to the @MunSecConf to deliver a message that the U.S. remains unwavering in our commitment to NATO, the transatlantic partnership & mutual security.NATO Secretary General @jensstoltenberg has been a steadfast champion of security & peace. Our delegation was honored to meet with him & @USAmbNATO to discuss the strong transatlantic alliance, strategies to counter Russian aggression & how best to support the Ukrainian people.Our Congressional delegation met with World Health Organization Director-General@DrTedros.We discussed the importance of accountability and transparency related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the importance of equity in the global vaccination distribution effort.It was a privilege to meet today with Chancellor @OlafScholz,a stalwart partner for peace and stability in Europe. Our nations share a vital interest in supporting the people of Ukraine and countering Russias accelerating aggression.Uniting and strengthening the transatlantic alliance is a top priority of Congress and President Biden and President von der Leyen has been an strategic and essential partner in this effort.Today, our Congressional delegation was honored to meet with the President of the European Commission @vonderleyen.It was my privilege to address the Defense Ministers Breakfast this morning, a time-honored tradition at @MunSecConf. We discussed the importance of a strong multilateral and bilateral partnerships to advance our mutual security, common interests and shared values.Yesterday, at #MSC2022, we received an update on Ukraine from Secretary of State @SecBlinken and discussed our unyielding commitment to the people of Ukraine.Join @RepAdamSchiff, @RepBarbaraLee, @BettyMcCollum04 and me for a press conference at the Munich Security Conference.Our delegation had the opportunity to meet with Mayor @Vitaliy_Klychko of Kyiv. He conveyed the concerns of his people in the face of Russian aggression. Our delegation reiterated Americas unwavering support for the people of Ukraine & commitment to the transatlantic alliance.At a meeting led by U.S. Ambassador to Germany Amy Gutmann, we discussed the importance of the transatlantic alliance and strengthening our national security.After our Congressional delegation arrived in Munich, we met with the U.S. Marine detachment at @USConsMunich to proudly deliver the gratitude of the Country and Congress for the service of our men and women in uniform.Join Germanys Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht, Greeces Prime Minister @KMitsotakis & me at the Munich Security Conference for a panel discussion moderated by Ivan Krastev on Stemming the Illiberal Tide: The Global Challenge of Eroding Democracy.Our Congressional delegation met with President Mahmoud Abbas & Prime Minister Shtayyeh. We emphasized our unyielding commitment to advancing the safety & security for all living in the region & the need to pursue a just, enduring two-state solution to benefit all generations.COVID-19 has devastated the Palestinian economy. With a new initiative from @USAID, America will help revitalize local Palestinian businesses fueling innovation & entrepreneurship, creating more jobs and setting up the Palestinian economy for long-term success.Today, our delegation met with Israeli Prime Minister @NaftaliBennett. We discussed the Congress firm commitment to Israels security and regional stability, as well as our continued hope for a just, enduring two-state solution for Israel, Palestinians and their neighbors.Thank you @DanielSeidemann for briefing our Congressional delegation on key geopolitical issues, neighborhoods and flashpoints in Jerusalem. Your insight was very valuable.Israel's security is an imperative for America's security. Today, our delegation viewed Iron Dome a defensive systemthat has helped save thousands of lives. Last year, the House with strong bipartisan support proudly passed H.R. 5323 in further support of Iron Dome.Thank you, President @Isaac_Herzog, for graciously hosting our delegation at The Presidency. It was a privilege to meet with you and to discuss our nations continued partnership on Israel's security and regional stability, COVID, climate and more.Today, our delegation was honored to meet with @YairLapid, Alternate Prime Minister & Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Israel. We discussed global security concerns & how our nations can further strengthen Israels security & regional stability.Our Congressional delegation had the privilege of visiting the Knesset today to reaffirm & strengthen the bonds between our chambers built on shared democraticvalues and mutual security interests.Today, Speaker @MKMickeyLevy and I spoke at the Israeli Knesset on the crucial and long-standing relationship between the Knesset and the Congress, built on our mutual security, economic interest, common values and commitment to democracy.Honored to meet with Knesset Speaker @MKMickeyLevy & diverse senior Knesset leaders to reaffirm Congress bipartisan support for Israel. We discussed our nations unbreakable bond to advance security, prosperity, democracy, & our hope for a just, durable two-state solution.What an honor it was for our Congressional delegation to be welcomed to the Knesset today and to pay tribute to Israels fallen soldiers. In signing the Knessets guestbook, I conveyed that the Congress support for Israel is eternal and ironclad.Read more about our Congressional delegation to Israel, Germany and the United Kingdom here:In London, our delegation will deepen our interparliamentary dialogue on how we can continue to work together to counter antidemocratic forces and advance our shared values and interests in the global arena.At the Munich Security Conference, our delegation will reaffirm Americas ironclad commitment to the transatlantic partnership, especially in the face of worldwide challenges to democracy and the rise of autocratic threats.Our first stop will be in Israel, recognizing our shared democratic values and mutual security. We will meet with the leadership of Israel and leaders in the civic community to discuss the prospects for a two-state solution and regional security.As threats to democracy grow more alarming and urgent, I am leading a Congressional delegation to Israel, Germany and the United Kingdom to focus on advancing security and stability, economic prosperity and democratic governance around the world.Millions of Americans know the hardships faced with electrical power outages which can cost our economy up to $70 billion annually. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law invests $65 billion in clean energy transmission, to make electrical grids cleaner, stronger & more resilient.Every child has the fundamental right to reach for their dreams, without fearing for their lives. Let us renew our commitment to ending the horrors of gun violence. Read my full statement here:Now, we must honor their memory and ensure that nobody ever again endures such a tragedy. That is why @HouseDemocrats have taken action to keep weapons out of dangerous hands and spoken out alongside the countless young people who have rallied together to March For Our Lives.Four years ago, seventeen beautiful souls were murdered in a senseless act of terror at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School tearing loved ones from their families and robbing a community of students, friends and mentors.The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act passed by @HouseDemocrats and signed by @POTUS invests $66 billion in rail funding the largest investment since the creation of Amtrak! This funding will ensure that rail plays a central role in the future of American transportation.This morning I joined @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC to discuss Ukraine, the Congressional agenda and other news of the day.The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law makes the largest investment in public transit in history: $39 billion to expand transit options across the country, replace old vehicles with zero-emission systems and improve accessibility for the elderly & those with disabilities.With the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, @HouseDemocrats are creating good-paying jobs building a stronger foundation for economic growth for decades to come. In doing so, were giving communities across the country the tools to compete & succeed in the 21st Century Economy.The House-passed #AmericaCOMPETES Act accelerates domestic manufacturing whileensuring that states can respond to public health emergencies like COVID-19 byauthorizing grants to states to maintain or expand stockpiles of essential products such as PPE and medical equipment.#January6th was an assault on our Capitol, our Congress and our democracy itself. Republicans may try to run, but they can't hide from the truth.Now, the Senate must join the House in standing up for human rights around the world and here at home by enacting not only the Global Respect Act, but the House-passed #EqualityAct as well. Read my full statement here:The #GlobalRespectAct will help counter that injustice, barring offenders from entering the United States, gathering new data on anti-LGBTQ human rights violations and holding perpetrators accountable, including through additional sanctions.Tragically, thousands of LGBTQ individuals are subjected to attack, harassment, arrest and murder every year, suffering under state-sanctioned discrimination and a surge of violence. Those responsible all too often act with impunity, never facing consequences for their crimes.Today, the House took a bold step forward in protecting the fundamental rights of the global LGBTQ community. The bipartisan #GlobalRespectAct will ensure America offers no safe haven to those who violate the human rights of our LGBTQ family, friends & neighbors around the world.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.With yesterdays strong, bipartisan vote, the House sent a clear signal to survivors across our nation: you deserve the freedom to seek justice and be heard. Read my full statement here:For too long, Americans who experience sexual harassment or assault in the workplace have been forced into the shadows by arbitration agreements protecting employers from liability & often shielding offenders from accountability. Employers prevail in more than 98% of these cases.Last night, the House took a step to #EndForcedArbitration of sexual assault and harassment. Our bill will void agreements that silence 60 million workers and many more consumers who are currently denied the freedom to pursue recourse for sexual assault and harassment.Many eligible families may be able to claim more money back on their tax returns thanks to the expanded Child Tax Credit from the #AmericanRescuePlan. To see if youre eligible & ensure you get your full credit, visit the link here byApril 18th.The House-passed #AmericaCOMPETES Act will elevate American leadership in the global arena putting diplomacy first, strengthening our alliances, combatting unfair trade practices and standing up for our national values.Tonight, I joined Members of Congress for a Moment of Silence to pay tribute to the more than 900,000 Americans tragically lost to COVID-19. In their memories, let us continue our work to bring an end to this pandemic.Join @SenSchumer, bipartisan members of the House and Senate and me at the U.S Capitol to hold a Moment of Silence for the more than 900,000 American lives lost to COVID-19.The @HouseDemocrats #AmericaCOMPETES Act passed by the House includes funding for the development of cutting-edge wireless and communications technology to ensure that America continues to outpace other countries and lead in technological developments in the 21st Century.As we close this Gun Violence Survivors Week, let us hold in our hearts all those affected by the horrors of gun violence and renew our vow to end this scourge. Together, we will continue to honor victims and survivors by turning our agony into action to #EndGunViolence.See what happened behind-the-scenes around the United States Capitol with myMediumpost, MadamSpeaker.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act invests in our alliances around the globe: strengthening our diplomatic partnerships, growing our economic footprint, restoring American leadership on climate and countering the influence of the Chinese government.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act authorizes $3 billion for the construction and expansion of American solar manufacturing reducing our reliance on foreign manufacturing while ensuring our electric grid is cleaner, more secure and resilient against cyberattacks.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act invests $52 billion in chip manufacturing to create jobs for American workers and make these vital components in the U.S. ensuring America is ahead of the world in technological development..@HouseDemocrats #AmericaCOMPETES Act helps to address supply chain disruptions while creating good-paying union jobs for American families with $52 billion in investments in facilities and equipment to produce American-made semiconductor chips.Under the leadership of @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, our nation will continue to #BuildBackBetter to create more good paying jobs and lower costs for families across America. Read my full statement here:Today, the House will pass our #AmericaCOMPETES Act which will bring the manufacturing of critical goods, including semiconductor chips, back to our shores while restoring American leadership in research and innovation and promoting American values on the world stage.Now, @HouseDemocrats are prepared to build on this extraordinary economic momentum: continuing our work to lower families costs, strengthen our supply chains, and make more goods in America with the House passage of the #AmericaCOMPETES Act.Todays jobs report makes resoundingly clear that, with nearly half a million new jobs created last month and 6.6 million new jobs created in the last year, the economic recovery powered by @POTUS' leadership and @HouseDemocrats' economic plan continues to be historic.Join the Committee Chairs and me for a press event on #AmericaCOMPETES, legislation that will supercharge domestic investment in chips, advance American manufacturing at home and strengthen global supply chains ahead of the House passage.Investing in science and innovation in America is an economic imperative. The #AmericaCOMPETES Act from @HouseDemocrats makes significant investments in innovation and research, ensuring America's ability to lead the technologies and scientific discoveries of the future.He fought for formerly enslaved Americans with major civil rights bills, fought to empower the federal government to protect families in the South from terrorist violence, and fought for human rights from the poorest workers to immigrants to Native Americans and more.Joseph Rainey was a brilliant orator, tireless legislator and patriotic leader who should be known to all as a Founding Father who forever changed our nation.Today, we paid tribute to the legacy of Representative Joseph Rainey of South Carolina, more than150 years after he became our nations first Black Congressman.In affixing his name to Room H-150 in the United States Capitol, we help share his story.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act introduced by the House will make transformational new investments in research, innovation and American manufacturing to ensure that America can outcompete any nation in the world.Join @WhipClyburn, @SteveScalise, @RepBeatty, @RepTomRice and me at the U.S. Capitol for an event unveiling The Joseph H. Rainey Room dedicated to honor the life, career and legacy of our nation's first African American Member of Congress.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Congress remains ironclad in our commitment to our national security, and we will continue to work closely with the Administration to protect the American people. Read my full statement here:On behalf of the Congress, I salute @POTUS strong leadership to keep our nation safe and secure.The death of Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurayshi is a strong step forward in the fight against ISIS, but the death of this ISIS leader does not mean the death of ISIS.Last night, America delivered justice to the leader of ISIS and struck a serious blow to this terrorist group. Our entire nation is grateful for the patriotism and dedication of our military personnel and intelligence community.Join me live at a @CECCgov hearing ahead of the Beijing Olympics to give a platform to voices working on behalf of those abused & repressed by the CCP including civil society, human rights defenders, people of Hong Kong, Uyghurs & Tibetans.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act accelerates the production of semiconductor chips, strengthens supply chains and increases research capacity in future technologies while protecting American workers from unfair competition and supporting American jobs and families right here at home.As we continue to spread the word, @HouseDemocrats remain hard at work to help Build Back Better: with bigger paychecks, lower costs & lower taxes for families, while making the wealthiest Americans & the biggest corporations pay their fair share..@HouseDemocratsare making clear that the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, under the leadership of @POTUS, creates millions of good-paying union jobs over the next decade:repairing roads & bridges, expanding broadband access, improving resilience to climate disaster & much more.In the last two months, @HouseDemocrats barnstormed the nation to bring the good news of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to the American people. As of today, @HouseDemocrats have hosted more than 1,000 events across the country, highlighting how Democrats Deliver #ForThePeople.Read my full statement with@RepBeatty, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and @RepAdams, Founder and Co-Chair of the HBCU Caucus, here:It is even more shameful that these threats against HBCUs come during Black History Month, when we remember the violence against those fighting for civil & voting rights. Terrorism & racism have no place anywhere in our country. We must end these threats.Recentbomb threats on Historically Black College and University campuses arehorrifying and alarming. Along with @RepBeatty and @RepAdams, Iamcallingfor a swift response from law enforcement agencies to prosecute these threats to the fullest extent of the law.As we march forward in building a stronger, fairer future for our children and grandchildren, may this month serve as a reminder of the hard-fought progress of our past and of the urgent tasks that lie ahead.Readmy full statement here:We are also fighting to build a more just economy, creating good-paying jobs & delivering long-overdue investments for every family especially in long underserved communities through implementation of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law & enactment of the #BuildBackBetter Act..@HouseDemocratsare working to protect and expand the sacred right to vote with our Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act, and we have fought to save lives with our George Floyd Justice in Policing Act and will not rest until we achieve meaningful criminal justice reform.Today our nation proudly sees Black representation at the highest levels of our government, from a record number of Black Members legislating in the Congress to @VP leading in the Administration to @POTUSsdecision to nominate a Black woman to the Supreme Court.As we remember with open eyes the injustices of the past, we also recognize the inequities of the present from the scourges of systemic racism and police violence to the plights of economic inequality and health disparity, which have been exacerbated by the pandemic.This month and every #BlackHistoryMonth,America celebrates the resilient leadership, determined advocacy and unrelenting courage that the Black community has brought to our history and democracy.It is wonderful that this year, thanks to the life-saving vaccines, many San Franciscans and Americans across the country can once again safely gather to celebrate the Lunar New Year and the joyful promise it brings.Read my full statement here:@HouseDemocrats have led the charge to enact @RepGraceMeng's COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act, which has helped to combat anti-AAPI violence while empowering communities, raising awareness & creating a position at the Department of Justice to expedite the review of COVID-19 hate crimes.Home to one of the largest & most diverse AAPI communities in the country, San Francisco has long been proof that the beauty is in the mix. Yet, in our City & across the country, our AAPI family, friends & neighbors have experienced a surge of violence over the last two years.Today, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders across our country and communities around the globe mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year: a beautiful time of celebration, reflection and renewed optimism for the future.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act is another action taken by @HouseDemocrats For The Children by: - Supporting research & development for K-12 STEM education - Improving STEM education and training - Supporting the next generation of diverse STEM teachers, researchers & scientistsToday is the last day to #GetCovered California and join the record 1.8 million Californians who signed up for affordable health coverage through the exchange this enrollment period. Check out this site for plans, pricing and to get started.Right now, the Chinese government's unfair, inhumane, anti-free market trade practices rig the global economy against American workers. With #AmericaCOMPETES, we're taking strong action to combat unfair trade practices and support American workers & domestic manufacturing.When the @49ers take down the @RamsNFL today, the best team in the league will be crowned NFC champions, claim our rightful place in the Super Bowl and turn LAs SoFi stadium red and gold. Lets go 49ers Faithful! #FTTB #SFvsLARThe #AmericaCOMPETES Act includes another strong step by @HouseDemocrats to improve supply chains, prevent shortages of goods and combat unfair trade practices with $45 billion to strengthen our economy and ensure critical goods are made right here in the United States.Yesterday,I joined colleagues @RepSpeier & @RepAnnaEshoo at Harvey Milk Terminal 1 to discuss how the bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will deliver for the San Francisco International Airport, creating of thousands of good-payingunionjobs for decades to come.Join @RepSpeier, @RepAnnaEshoo, Airport Director Ivar Satero, local leaders & me at an event highlighting the $25 billion in aviation infrastructure investments in the bipartisan Infrastructure Investments & Jobs Act, including $250 million for @FlySFO.Congress and the Country look forward to President Bidens historic nomination, who will carry on Justice Breyers mission and who will keep faith with the Supreme Courts role as a defender of individual rights.Read my full statement here:For his legal brilliance, his unwavering integrity and his firm devotion to safeguarding our democracy, Justice Breyer will leave a remarkable legacy. We thank the Breyer family for sharing him with the Country.Justice Breyer has championed liberty not merely as freedom from oppression, but as freedom to participate in our democracy paving the way for great progress in our nation. Justice Breyer has helped ensure that our democracy does, as our Founders intended, work For The People.When Justice Stephen Breyer departs from the bench, the Supreme Court and the Country will lose a leader of honor and integrity, a defender of liberty, justice and the Constitution, and a guardian of our fundamental rights.Today, on #InternationalHolocaustRemembranceDay & the anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau, it is our solemn responsibility to honor all victims & rededicate ourselves to our sacred duty to confront rising antisemitism & Holocaust denial everywhere. Never Again.Alongside President Biden, Democrats remain hard at work to extend our historic recovery while building a 21st Century American economy that can out-compete any nation on earth. Read my full statement here:We must build on this strong economic momentum by creating jobs, lowering costs and untangling supply chains. @HouseDemocrats unveiled our #AmericaCOMPETES Act: bold, results-oriented legislation that will strengthen American leadership and competitiveness at home and abroad.Last year was also the single greatest year of job growth in American history creating 6.4 million jobs. Americans are finding new jobs at a record pace, starting new small businesses, sending their children safely back to school and so much more.Todays GDP numbers show that America had the fastest economic growth in nearly four decades, powered by @HouseDemocrats American Rescue Plan and @POTUS Bidens leadership.Healthcare is a right, not a privilege. Democrats remain firmly committed to working toward this goal as we strive to bring down health care costs and prescription drug prices for workers, seniors and families across the country. Read my full statement:As we battle the virus, ensuring quality, affordable and accessible health coverage will continue to be as important as ever. In a number of states, health insurance exchanges remain open through the end of this month, so there is still time for many Americans to sign up.The Affordable Care Act has served as a vital lifeline during the pandemic and with our American Rescue Plan, Democrats dramatically lowered premiums so that millions are covered by a quality plan while saving families an average of $2,400.The record-breaking14.5 millionACAhealth insurance sign-upssinceNovember 1stmake crystal clear that, thanks to @POTUS Biden and @HouseDemocrats, health care is more affordable and accessible than ever.Now is the time to recommit to boldly investing in our nations future, and to do so in a way that strengthens the supply chain, lowers costs and ensures that America can out-compete any nation, today and for decades to come. Read my full statement here:Major components of this package have already passed the House with overwhelmingly bipartisan votes. The #AmericaCOMPETES Act reflects a whole-of-House effort to produce a historic bill that will be most effective at strengthening our competitiveness at home and abroad.The #AmericaCOMPETES Act will supercharge our investment in CHIPS, advance manufacturing at home, strengthen our supply chain, transform our research capacity and advance our competitiveness and leadership abroad, plus many other key provisions.Today, the House takes action to transport our nation into the future, with the #AmericaCOMPETES Act: bold, results-oriented legislation that will strengthen Americas national and economic security and the financial security of families, and advance our leadership in the world.With the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, Democrats have delivered #ForThePeople! These investments will create millions of good-paying, union jobs in communities across the country over the next decade rebuilding Americas infrastructure.As our nation continues to battle the pandemic, Republicans must now abandon this sad stunt and join Democrats to crush the virus, grow our economy and bring down costs for families. Read my full statement here:Republicans have worked to recklessly endanger the health of colleagues, staffers and institutional workers. They do so with great shame and hypocrisy, as last year alone more than half of the Members of their conference designated a proxy so that they could vote remotely.Both the Constitution and more than a century of legal precedent make clear that the House is empowered to determine its own rules and remote voting by proxy falls squarely within this purview.SCOTUS' refusal of @HouseGOPs request to overturn the dismissal of their frivolous lawsuit to block remote voting by proxy is a victory for Congress, the rule of law and public health.In @POTUS first year, Democrats delivered deeply needed relief to help support our heroic essential workers who have helped keep our communities running during this pandemic, from police officers and firefighters to transportation workers to teachers and more.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.In just his first year, @POTUS strong leadership on health care has helped expand coverage to nearly five million more Americans under the Affordable Care Act and has made health care more affordable than ever before.Democrats are united in our belief that every person has the Constitutional right to basic health care.As we mark this momentous anniversary, let us renew our pledge to never relent in defending health freedom across our nation. My full statement:In the face of an all-out assault, @HouseDemocrats are leading the charge to defend reproductive freedoms. In September, the House passed the Womens Health Protection Act, which would ensure every person can make their own health decisions and it must be enacted immediately.States like Texas & Missouri have enacted draconian abortion restrictions.And, after allowing the dangerous SB8 to proceed, the Supreme Court could potentially strike a devastating blow to Roe when it rules on Dobbs v. Jackson.Today, America marks nearly half a century since the courts affirmed the Constitutional right of every woman to have the freedom to make her own decisions about her body, health and family. But, Roe v. Wade now faces its most alarming threat in decades.Thanks to @POTUS strong leadership in his first year, as we rebuild our infrastructure, we are transforming our middle class. Our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law will improve roads & bridges, public transit, clean water, broadband & much more in communities across the country.One year into @POTUS term, the historic vaccination campaign powered by Democrats Rescue Plan has fully vaccinated more than 200 million Americans. Now, as we work to crush the Omicron variant, were getting booster shots into the arms of tens of millions of Americans.In @POTUS first year, Democrats enacted both the American Rescue Plan & the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law: one of the most impactful first years of a presidency in modern times. In doing so, we have gotten shots into arms, put money in pockets & created millions of new jobs.Despite being legally blind in one eye, Willie ORee in 1958 became the first Black player in the NHL, making game-changing contributions to hockey, inclusion and recreational opportunity.Today, I was proud to sign S. 452, The Willie ORee Congressional Gold Medal Act with @RepPressley and @RepMikeQuigley.In @POTUS first year, we had the best year of job creation in American history.  Democrats powered an historic economic recovery that has created a record 6.4 million new jobs, slashed the unemployment rate to 3.9 percent, and helped millions of Americans off unemployment.Join @USMayors and me at the U.S. Conference of Mayors 90th Winter Meeting.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Democratic Majorities in Congress remain hard at work to execute @POTUS' spectacular vision for the future. We remain committed to delivering on this agenda now and for decades to come. Read the full statement here:.@POTUS and the Democratic Congress have powered an historic recovery that has created a record 6.4 million new jobs, slashed the unemployment rate to 3.9 percent & helped 16 million off unemployment. Meanwhile, we've gotten shots in the arms of 200 million Americans.One year later, we proudly mark one of the most impactful first years of a presidency in modern times: getting shots into millions of arms, putting money in pockets and delivering the best year of job creation in American history.When @POTUS Joe Biden and @VP Kamala Harris were sworn in one year ago, our nation faced a dark and difficult moment from pandemic and economic crises.Reviewing documents that former President Trump sought to hide from the American people is essential to understanding the events leading up to and during the deadly insurrection and its aftermath, and to ensuring it never happens again. My full statement:Last nights Supreme Court ruling is a victory for the truth, for the rule of law and for the American people. As the Courts have again and again affirmed, no one is above the law not even a former president, who incited the #January6th insurrection.In the fight for voting rights, nothing less than our democracy is at stake. Democrats will never relent in our mission to safeguard the sacred right to vote. Read my full statement here:Our nation faces the most severe and sinister threat to our democracy since the era of Jim Crow. Every single Democrat in the House voted to advance the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act. Yet, an arcane Senate Rule continues to stand in the way of enacting this legislation.Senate Republicans voted to silence the voices of their constituents, to allow for the nullification of elections, to greenlight partisan gerrymandering, to suppress the grassroots and to embrace the influence of dark money in our politics.On Monday, our nation celebrated the birthday of civil rights hero Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Last night, Senate Republicans dishonored his leadership and legacy by blocking passage of urgently needed legislation to protect voting rights and our democracy.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for a ceremonial swearing-in for Representative-elect Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick to fill the 20th district seat of Florida for the remainder of the 117th Congress.Join @OfficialMLK3, @ArndreaKing, Yolanda Renee King, elected officials, civil rights leaders and me at an event for MLK day discussing the critical need for action on voting rights.Indeed, we must not rest until we finally achieve racial justice, social justice, economic justice and environmental justice for all of our children. And may we always strive to build a future worthy of Dr. Kings glorious vision. Ready my full statement:Nearly60 years ago Dr.King declared: Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy. Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of God's children. Let us heed those words by strengthening our democracy & securing the blessings of liberty for every American.Last week, the House passed the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act. If Senate Republicans block this legislation this week, they diminish our democracy at home and tarnish our example of freedom abroad. But, they cannot & will not deter Democrats from the fight for voting rights.While our nation has forged important progress on the long road toward justice, a dangerous tide of voter restrictions targeting communities of color reminds us of the urgent work ahead needed to defend our democracy.On #MLKDay, our nation comes together to celebrate one of our greatest heroes, whose fierce spirit and powerful voice forever altered the course of history. We continue to draw inspiration from his unshakable faith, unimaginable courage and unwavering vision of justice and peace.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Read my full statement on the hostage situation at Congregation Beth Israel in Colleyville, Texashere:Congress remains ironclad in our commitment to fighting the scourge of antisemitism here at home and around the world. We cannot and will not rest until all of our children, regardless of their faith, can reach for their dreams in a world at peace.Antisemitism and other forms of hateful violence have been on the rise in recent years. This extremism has injected fear into communities and stolen too many lives. Hatred and violence have no place in America and we must never fail to confront and combat these dark forces.Yesterday, an act of terrorism horrified the nation, as worshippers at Congregation Beth Israel in Texas were taken hostage during a Shabbat service. In the wake of this antisemitic attack, we stand with the Jewish communities in Colleyville, across our nation & around the world.Across the country, American bridges and roads are in poor condition making it harder to get to work or school and to transport goods that families need. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law delivers $110 billion to make urgent repairs to these roads and bridges.The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law makes an important down payment on environmental justice investing $21 billion to address pollution harming communities of color. In doing so, we are also creating good-paying union jobs in long underserved communities.For more information on new funding from the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law impacts your state, visit this resource from the Department of Transportation here:When America was experiencing the depths of the pandemic and economic crisis, Democrats knew that we had to #BuildBackBetter. Our nation took an historic step for the future and the Democratic Congress remains hard at work fighting For The People.New funding from the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to make bridges across the country safer & stronger is proof that #DemocratsDeliver! Thanks to the leadership of @POTUS & @HouseDemocrats, communities across America will soon see the direct impact of this investment.Almost 30 million Americans live in areas without access to high-speed broadband which is essential for the 21st Century Economy. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law both increases coverage across the country & lowers costs for everyday Americans, so that everyone can get online.With @POTUS Biden and @HouseDemocrats American Rescue Plan, our nation has made enormous progress to keep families and workers safe. Democrats will not be deterred from taking scientifically sound and strong actions to ensure our families stay healthy.Meanwhile, reckless Republican leaders in Congress and throughout the country continue to attack life-saving vaccines, fanning the flames of dangerous disinformation and trying to gut many of the precautions proven to save lives.Democrats know that vaccines and testing save lives, and despite this disappointing ruling, we will continue our efforts to ensure safe workplaces for people to go to work and safe schools for children to learn in the classroom.It is good news that SCOTUS has upheld the Presidents life-saving action to protect our health care heroes and their patients. However, it's alarming that the Court has chosen to ignore the science and the law by preventing the Admin from keeping Americans safe in the workplace.On #KoreanAmericanDay, we celebrate the immense contributions Korean Americans have made to our nation and to San Francisco. Today, and every day, we thank the Korean American community for their vibrant culture, devoted service and strong leadership that inspire us all..@HouseDemocrats know that a strong economy needs strong infrastructure. Thats why we worked across the aisle to enact the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law creating good-paying union jobs rebuilding roads & bridges, replacing lead pipes, expanding broadband access & more!Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Watch the Departure Ceremony at the U.S. Capitol as Congress honors the life and service of Harry Mason Reid.Today, I spoke on the House Floor in support of the Guard & Reserve GI Bill Parity Act which takes a strong step towards ensuring all veterans are honored with the benefits they have earned. We must show our heroes they have our unwavering support & we leave no veterans behind.As Speaker of the House, it was my solemn and official honor to welcome back to the U.S. Capitol a legendary leader, a pioneering patriot and our dear friend Senator Harry Mason Reid as he lies in state today.Today, the United States Congress has the sad and official honor of hosting the Reid family and their loved ones for an Arrival Ceremony and Congressional tribute as we honor the life and service of The Honorable Harry Mason Reid.The President forcefully declared that the time has come for the Senate to protect the vote and end the Republican nullification of elections. Nothing less than our democracy is at stake. My full statement:Last year, @HouseDemocrats passed critical voting rights legislation. Yet, Senate Republicans cynically refuse to even begin debate on voting rights legislation because they know the only way they can win elections is by barring voters from the ballot box.The need to protect our democracy could not be more urgent, as America faces the most dangerous assault on the vote since Jim Crow. Last year, Republican lawmakers introduced over 440 voter suppression bills across 49 states, with at least 19 states enacting 34 measures into law.Today in Georgia, @POTUS made it crystal clear: the Senate must find a path forward to enshrine critical voting rights legislation into law. President Biden is to be commended for his strong voice and leadership in this fight as we strive to protect the sacred right to vote.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Today, I joined @MargBrennan on @FaceTheNation to discuss @HouseDemocrats legislative priorities for 2022, the coronavirus pandemic, voting rights legislation and other news of the day.Senator Harry Reid was a towering titan of public service, who rose from humble roots & never forgot his North Star: to fight for working families like his own.  Officially & personally, it was my solemn honor to pay tribute to my dear colleague & friend today at his funeral.Democrats are united in declaring enough is enough! On this sad day, and every day, let us renew our sacred vow to keep our communities safe and not relent until we finally put an end to the bloodshed..@HouseDemocrats have led the charge to end gun violence with the Bipartisan Background Checks Act expanding background checks, legislation closing the Charleston Loophole & making investments in community violence prevention initiatives in the House-passed Build Back Better Act.Eleven years ago, tragedy struck in Tucson when an armed gunman murdered six Arizonans and left thirteen gravely wounded, including our beloved Congresswoman @GabbyGiffords. The hearts of every American remain broken as we honor the victims and survivors of this brutal attack.Congressional Democrats and@POTUSwill Build Back Better For The People: with more jobs, cut taxes and lower costs for all. Read my full statement here:Democrats will keep working to create good-paying jobs and lower families costs including our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, our strong action to bring production back to American shores and the Build Back Better Act, which will dramatically cut costs for the middle class.Todays jobs report shows that the Biden #BuildBackBetter economy is working. Under Democrats leadership, America is getting back to work with the largest calendar year drop in unemployment in history to 3.9 percentanda record 6.4 million jobs created.Tonight, I joined @AndersonCooper live at the U.S. Capitol one year after #January6th to discuss its lasting impacts on the Congress and the Country.This evening, I joined Members of Congress on the steps of United States Capitol for a prayer vigil in remembrance of the lives lost and impacted by the #January6th insurrection.Members of Congress then reflected on their experiences during the #January6th insurrection. We must never forget what happened on this dark day and ensure the truth remains at the forefront.January 6th wasn't just an attack on the U.S. Capitol it was an attack on democracy itself. As we mark one year since this dark day, we must not allow anyone to rewrite history or whitewash the gravity of what took place. We will always remember & ensure it can't happen again.Join Members of Congress and me on the steps of the U.S. Capitol for a bicameral prayer vigil marking one year since January 6th.This afternoon, the Congress had the privilege of hearing from Librarian of Congress Dr. Carla Hayden and historians Doris Kearns Goodwin and Jon Meacham for a moderated conversation to establish and preserve the narrative of #January6th.Earlier today, I led a moment of silence on the House Floor to honor the fallen heroes of #January6th.Join Members of Congress and me at the U.S. Capitol for an event sharing Members' testimonials and reflections on January 6th presided over by @RepJasonCrow.Join @SenSchumer, @LibnOfCongress, and me at the U.S. Capitol for a moderated conversation with historians @DorisKGoodwin and @JMeacham on establishing and preserving the narrative of January 6th.Join Members of Congress and me on the House Floor for a moment of silence marking one year since January 6th.As House Speaker, itwasmy official honor to welcome @POTUS and @VP this morning to deliver remarks from the U.S. Capitol as the nation solemnly marks one year since the #January6th insurrection.Today, it was my official honor to welcome Her Excellency Annalena Baerbock, Federal Foreign Minister of Germany, to the United States Capitol to discuss transatlantic security, Ukraine and Russia,and responding to the COVID and climate crises.We must ensure that families and children can visit the Capitol, lawmakers can do our jobs, press can report and the Congress can serve the American people all with safety and security. Read my full statement here:Since #January6th, the House has worked expeditiously to strengthen the defenses of the Capitol and ensure that such an attack can never again happen. As we approach one year sinceJanuary 6thand continue our work to defeat the pandemic, it is essential we protect the Capitol.Today, the Capitol Police Board has demonstrated important continued progress to protect the Capitol, honor the sacrifice of our Capitol Police heroes and defend our American Democracy.The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law connects communities with the largest federal investment in rail since the creation of Amtrak & the largest-ever federal investment in public transit.Crumbling infrastructure across our nation weakens the American economy and hurts families & businesses every day.  Democrats Bipartisan Infrastructure Law strengthens the economy, creates millions of good-paying, union jobs & ensures Americans can compete in the 21st century.May this New Year usher in a time of joy, prosperity and peace for all families in the United States and around the world.Wishing you and your loved onesa wonderful 2022!Today, we lost a beloved TV icon. Betty White was a pioneering actress, who blessed generations of Americans with her talent and humor for 8 decades. May it be a comfort to her loved ones and many admirers that so many mourn with them during this sad time.In 2021, @HouseDemocrats & @POTUSdelivered vaccines in arms, money in pockets, millions of jobs & historic investments in infrastructure.In the New Year, Democrats will continue fighting for American workers & families, & work towards an economic recovery with #BuildBackBetter.Senator Reid leaves behind an extraordinary legacy of patriotism and leadership that will benefit the Congress and Country for decades to come. Read my full statement here:Over more than four decades of public service, he was guided always by his North Star: to improve the lives of working families like his own. He will be remembered as one of the most impactful Leaders of the Senate in history helping to steer it w/ reverence, principle & command.Today, America lost a titan of public service. Senator Harry Reid was a leader of immense courage and ferocious conviction who worked tirelessly to achieve historic progress for the American people..@POTUSand @HouseDemocrats historic Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will help prevent supply chain delays and disruptions while creating millions of good-paying union jobs.In 2021, our economy grew at the fastest rate in decades, while creating a record number of good-paying jobs!  Thanks to the leadership of @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, well keep this historic recovery going in 2022 and ensure we #BuildBackBetter.From my family to yours, we wish you a healthy and Merry Christmas! #MerryChristmasDuring the Holiday Season, robust supply chains & investments to infrastructure are essential so businesses can bring goods to market & holiday gifts arrive on time. The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, signed by @POTUS, will improve supply chains with $17 billion for ports!If America does not speak out for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights any place in the world. Read my full statement here:The ongoing genocide by the Chinese government against the Uyghur people & other Muslim minorities is a challenge to the conscience of the world, which is why the House twice passed legislation to hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for its exploitation of forced labor.President Biden and the Congress, on a bipartisan and bicameral basis, have taken a strong step to combat the exploitation of forced labor in Xinjiang with the enactment of the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act.Thanks to @POTUS, millions of student borrowers will have relief as we continue to battle the pandemic. I commend his action to extend the pause on student loan repayment until May and we will continue working together to make a college education affordable to all.In order to build on this extraordinary progress, Democrats are continuing to work to #BuildBackBetter: to lower health costs, prescription drug prices and more for seniors and families across America. Read my full statement here:.@HouseDemocrats Rescue package has saved families an average of $2,400 and ensured they can get the care they need. As we head into the new year and continue to battle the pandemic, there is still time to sign up for an affordable plan byThe historic number of sign-ups for life-saving health insurance under the #ACA is further proof that, thanks to the leadership of @POTUS Biden and the Democratic Congress, health coverage is more affordable and accessible than ever before.Byfixing long-neglected roads, bridgesand more,ourBipartisan Infrastructure Law will make commutes easier andcommunities safer. @HouseDemocrats know how important theserepairs will beto workersand familiesall across the country and Democrats have delivered!Crumbling & outdated infrastructure weakens the American economy, hurting workers and their families. That's why Democrats are investing in infrastructure with the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, which will strengthen our economy & create millions of good-paying, union jobs.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol and in my district with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Democrats will continue to barnstorm the nation in the months ahead to share how this historic achievement rebuilds our infrastructure while rebuilding our middle class. Read my full statement here:Because Democrats Deliver, these once-in-a-generation infrastructure investments will put millions back to work in good-paying union jobs making our streets safer, bridges stronger, water cleaner, communities more resilient and much more, for decades to come..@HouseDemocrats are hard at work bringing the good news of the Bipartisan #Infrastructure Law to Congressional Districts across the country. In hosting more than five hundred events, our Majority is trumpeting the historic investments headed to our families and communities.Join @RepDeSaulnier, Mayor @LondonBreed, bike and pedestrian safety advocates and me in San Francisco for an event highlighting the historic bipartisan Infrastructure Investments and Jobs Laws investments in safer Bay Area streets.Join @RepThompson, @RepHuffman, regional leaders, wildfire survivors, firefighters and me in Santa Rosa for a press conference on the Infrastructure Investments and Jobs Act which will make vital investments in wildfire prevention and healthy forests..@POTUSand @HouseDemocrats are actively working to lower prices and costs for the American people with the #BuildBackBetter Act. On the other hand, Republicans have no plan to help struggling families  and theyre rooting for higher prices and costs.Every day, Republicans are fighting @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats work to bring down the biggest costs families face. Our #BuildBackBetter Act takes historic actions to make health care, child care, prescription drugs and housing more accessible and affordable.This holiday season, working families across the country can breathe easier thanks to another payment of the Biden #ChildTaxCredit.  This extra money will help Americans feed their families, fill up at the pump & more, while fighting the impact of rising prices.Today, I am proud to sign S.J. Res. 33 a measure to address the debt limit. In doing so, we uphold the full faith and credit of the United States, prevent a devastating debt default, and protect American families from economic catastrophe.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Tonight, the House voted on a bipartisan basis to hold Mark Meadows, who has key information on the #January6th attack, in contempt of Congress. In doing so, we fulfill our duty to the Constitution and the nation to find the truth of that dark day.Congratulations @StephenCurry30 on becoming the NBA's all-time 3-point leader tonight! As a diehard Warriors fan, Im thrilled to see you break this record! Your dazzling talent on the court and commitment to service in our community bring great pride to the Bay Area.Tonight, I joined a bipartisan, bicameral group of Members for a moment of silence in remembrance of the 800,000 American lives lost to COVID-19 a devastating toll for our nation.Join Members of Congress and me at the U.S. Capitol for a moment of silence for the 800,000 American lives lost to the COVID-19 pandemic.Join Members of Congress, parents, child care providers & me at a Child Care for Every Family Network event on #BuildBackBetter investments in lowering families' costs while securing more jobs, better wages & stronger benefits for child care workers.If America does not speak out for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights any place in the world. Read my full statement here:Congress, on a bipartisan and bicameral basis, will continue to condemn and confront the CCPs human rights abuses in Xinjiang and in the region and hold it accountable.We are pleased now to be passing a House-Senate compromise bill that meets the urgency and gravity of this challenge. The House will pass this legislation today and send it to the Senate for swift action and then to Presidents desk for his signature.Last week, @HouseDemocrats took a strong step to hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for its exploitation of forced labor and put an end to this horrific practice with passage of Chairman Jim McGoverns Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act.The ongoing genocide perpetrated by the Chinese government against the Uyghur people and other Muslim minorities is a challenge to the conscience of the entire world, which requires forceful and urgent action by the international community.Join Members of Congress, advocates and me at the U.S. Capitol for a @FairGrowthCmte event on how #BuildBackBetter provisions like early education, child care and the Child Tax Credit can help uplift working families and address economic disparity.For decades, underinvestment in our infrastructure has hurt families & businesses while putting our nation at risk of losing our competitive edge in the global economy. The Democrats Bipartisan Infrastructure package signed by @POTUS turns it around in a big way!In the memory of all those we have lost, and strengthened by our survivors hopeful spirit, let us renew our resolve to build a world free from gun violence, so that every child may grow up safe, secure and able to reach their fulfillment. My statement:In the Congress, @HouseDemocrats are fighting for the action on gun violence that the American people want and our nation so desperately needs. These measures will help us end the bloodshed and protect our children and we will not relent until they are enshrined into law.Nine years ago, 20 children & 6 educators at Sandy Hook were brutally murdered in an act of evil and terror.While we continue to pray for the Newtown community, we are in awe of their courage & resilience: turning pain into purpose by fighting to end the horrors of gun violence.Fixing potholes, expanding broadband and repairing crumbling bridges will help Americans in every ZIP code. Thats why Democrats fought for & won funding for these urgent needs in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to help us #BuildBackBetter!See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol and in my district with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Let us forge ahead with a spirit of courage, creativity and collaboration to conquer this crisis and serve as faithful stewards of Gods creation for generations to come. Read my full statement here:As the climate crisis accelerates, we are seeing the damage of extreme weather around the world & here at home, posing an existential threat to our children, our security, our health and our planet. Nations like ours have a moral duty to take decisive action to cut pollution now.In the Congress, Democrats are paving the way toward a Greener and Cleaner future with our House-passed #BuildBackBetter Act, which represents the most transformative investment in climate action in human history.Six years ago, the world came together in Paris to forge a commitment to combating the climate crisis. And just last month, the world convened in Glasgow for COP26 to measure our progress toward the targets we set in Paris and to strengthen our commitments for the years ahead.Proud to join @RepSpeier & @RepDeSaulnier, local Bay Area transit, rail and union leaders at the Salesforce Transit Center to discuss how the job-creating bipartisan #Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act makes historic investments to modernize our public transit & rail systems.Today, Congress and the Country join all those who are mourning the loss of a loved one in last nights devastating tornadoes. May it be a comfort to communities across the central United States that the entire nation prays for you during this difficult time.Join @RepSpeier, @RepDeSaulnier, Bay Area public transit and rail leaders and meat the Salesforce Transit Center foran event celebrating the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, which invests $4.5 billion in Bay Area rail, highway and public transit.U.S. workers must be the core of our trade policy. Democrats are taking action to create U.S. jobs, promote our global competitiveness, fix supply chains & maintain the best workforce in the world, while holding the CCP accountable for human rights abuses & breaking trade pledgesAs I predicted then, this decision was an economic failure for our workers & a moral failure for our values, where the world put deals ahead of ideals.20 yearsago, by granting it #WTO membership, the world gave the Chinese Communist Party a blank check to break its market promises & cheat Americanworkers, while exploiting its own workers.Democrats are forging ahead with the #BuildBackBetter Act to create jobs, lower everyday costs and cut middle-class taxes. Read my full statement here:Democrats fiscally sound approach stands in contrast to the GOP Tax Scam for the rich, which exploded deficits by $2 trillion. Congress & @POTUS have made clear: any future extensions of the life-changing provisions of Build Back Better will be fully paid for, as they are today.As nonpartisan experts have repeatedly confirmed, the #BuildBackBetter Act is fully paid for by ensuring the biggest corporations and wealthiest few pay their fair share in taxes, and even pay down the deficit by more than $100 billion in this decade and $2 trillion in the next.While Republicans play increasingly desperate and bad-faith political games with a phony score of an imaginary bill, House Democrats have proved our commitment to fiscal responsibility by passing a fully paid for #BuildBackBetter Act.Big Pharma has raked in record profits by jacking up prices on working families. While Republicans fight to keep costs high to enrich their corporate friends, Democrats Build Back Better Act will empower Medicare to negotiate for lower prices & end Pharmas unfair price hikes.Yesterday, the House passed the Protecting Our Democracy Act to ensure the strength and survival of a democracy of, by and #ForThePeople: defending the rule of law, revitalizing our system of checks and balances and restoring our democratic institutions.Democrats are #ForThePeople creating jobs, lowering costs and cutting taxes for working families, while making sure the biggest corporations and wealthiest few pay their fair share. Read my full statement here:#BuildBackBetter also will ease labor shortages by giving working parents the child care, universal pre-K, paid family and medical leave and home based care they need to succeed in the workforce: with children learning and parents earning.Novembers inflation numbers only add urgency to passing the #BuildBackBetter Act to lower the costs that weigh heaviest on working families budgets, from the price of child care, to health care to prescription drugs and more.The House will continue to demand that all nations and governments committing human rights abuses be held accountable and cease their abuse. Read my full statement here:If America does not speak out for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights any place in the world.Our floor legislation this week addresses and counters the exploitation of the Uyghur people by the Chinese Communist Party, condemns the genocide of the Uyghur people and other minorities in China & demands the government immediately guarantee the safety & freedom of Peng Shuai.Solemnly, we recognize & recommit to the work remaining to oppose the forces of oppression & abuse in the world including by the Chinese Communist Party. This week, we passed a package of strong, bipartisan legislation to address abuses committed by the Chinese Communist Party.73 years ago, the international community declared its firm, united commitment to human rights, stating, recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world.American people elected Democrats to deliver, and thats exactly what they have done. Fixes for roads and bridges, broadband, passenger rail & many other infrastructure investments are coming to your community because of @HouseDemocrats work on the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law.The @January6thCmteis pursuing its legal and moral prerogative to conduct oversight and uncover the full truth of that day, protect the Capitol and defend Democracy. Read my full statement here:Last night, the Courts once again rejected the former Presidents campaign to obstruct Congresss investigation into theJanuary 6thinsurrection. No one can be allowed to stand in the way of the truth particularly not the previous President, who incited the insurrection.Watch the Departure Ceremony of The Honorable Robert J. Dole at the U.S. Capitol as Congress honors the life and service of an American hero.Join Members of Congress, health care advocates and me at a press conference to unveil the findings of the @OversightDems investigation into Big Pharmas price hikes & the need to enact #BuildBackBetter to lower prescription drug costs for families.Join @RepAdamSchiff, @RepMaloney, @RepJerryNadler and me at a press conference on the #ProtectingOurDemocracy Act, a set of democracy reforms to defend the constitution & ensure no president is above the law.This afternoon, I had the pleasure to speak with His Royal Highness Charles, The Prince of Wales, where we discussed COP26 and our continued collaboration to solve the climate crisis.#BuildBackBetter is about jobs, jobs, jobs!  @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats will create millions of good-paying jobs, get children learning and parents earning, invest in sustainable, equitable growth and ensure that our communities can compete in the 21st Century Economy.All of us who served in Congress at the same time as the late Senator Bob Dole are proud that he was a person who taught everyone about dignity, duty, integrity and patriotism. Today, we honor him as he lies in state at the United States Capitol.Today, the United States Congress has the sad and official honor of hosting the Dole family and their loved ones for a ceremony as we honor the life and service of The Honorable Robert J. Dole.By addressing the debt ceiling, @HouseDemocrats continue to protect families, who would face a loss of millions of jobs and trillions in household wealth and drastic increases in interest for car loans, student debt, mortgages, credit card bills and other types of borrowing.Last night, @HouseDemocrats took strong action to safeguard the full faith and credit of the United States and send a lifeline to American seniors and farmers by preventing cuts to Medicare, extending key Medicare provisions and providing critical support for American farmers.This legislation, thanks to @RepSpeier, contains historic reforms to combat sexual assault in the military, including removing the Commander from key decisions related to sexual assault & related crimes & criminalizing sexual harassment under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.For our military heroes, our legislation also provides our men and women in uniform with a well-deserved pay increase and supports their financial security and health with greater access to child care, education and housing.The House, under the leadership of @RepAdamSmith, has passed a strong, bipartisan defense bill that will keep America safe, defend our servicemembers and their families and advance our nations leadership in the world.Yesterday, House Democrats honored our responsibility set out in the Constitution by our Founders: to provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.Today, Congress sends a clear message: the Chinese governments genocide of the Uyghur people must end now. If the U.S. does not speak out for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights any place in the world.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference..@HouseDemocratshave taken action to combat the climate crisis with the largest investment in U.S. history that cuts pollution, creates good-paying jobs and invests in America. The #BuildBackBetter Actadvances @POTUS visionof Americaleading the worldin a clean energyfuture.If America does not speak out for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights any place in the world.As we mark 73 years since the UN Convention on Genocide, Congress has the responsibility and opportunity to stand up for human rights. On a bipartisan, bicameral basis, we stand united in demanding that the Peoples Republic of China be held accountable and cease its abuses.Tomorrow, the House willpass a package of strong, bipartisan legislation thatsends a clear message:Beijingscrimes against the Uyghur people constitute genocide and must end now.Join Members of @TheBlackCaucus and me at the U.S. Capitol for the 2021 Vigil for Justice on protecting the right to vote #ForThePeople.Let us continue our work to honor their service and that of every generation of men and women in uniform by building a future worthy of their sacrifice. Read my full statement here:Yet, from the depths of destruction and despair, our country came together with remarkable resilience and resolve.From the battlefield to the homefront,the Greatest Generation showed the world our nations true greatness: the strength, unity & tenacity of the American spirit.Eighty years ago, the infamous attack at Pearl Harbor killed over 2,400 beautiful patriots, thrust America into a world war, and forever changed our nation and the world. Today, we come together in grief for those we lost and in gratitude for the courageous heroes of that day.For too long, communities across the nationhave lacked reliable, affordable internet. Democrats Bipartisan Infrastructure package, signed by @POTUS, includes historic expansion of broadband so every child can learn, every parent can work & every community can stay connected.Senator Bob Dole was an extraordinary patriot. From the House to the Senate, a presidential candidate and a statesman, he served our nation with dignity and integrity. As Speaker, it is my sad official honor to announce that he will lie in state at the U.S. Capitol on Thursday.The Congress has and will continue our long bipartisan and bicameral commitment to holding China accountable. Read my full statement here:Allowing a country notorious for its appalling human rights record to host the Olympics makes a mockery of the Olympic Charter, which states that the Games should seek to foster respect for universal and fundamental ethical principles.While we must support and celebrate our athletes, America and the world cannot give our official imprimatur to these games or proceed as if there is nothing wrong with holding the Olympics in a country perpetrating genocide and mass human rights violations.As I noted when I called for a diplomatic boycott last May, the last three decades of Beijings abusive and repressive actions show that the international community can no longer give Beijing a blank check and hope that its behavior will simply change.I applaud President Bidens strong leadership in announcing that there will be no official U.S. diplomatic presence at the 2022 Winter Olympics.Instead of just talking about infrastructure, @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats have delivered! The Bipartisan Infrastructure package will create millions of jobs, modernize our infrastructure & put America on a path to win the 21st Century.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.The #BuildBackBetter Act delivers on @HouseDemocrats goal of lowering health care costs for Americans by halting Big Pharmas price hikes on lifesaving drugs, negotiating lower drug prices for seniors & expanding the ACA to ensure health care is affordable for millions more.As we honor his life, let us resolve to live up to his challenge and carry on his mission. May it be a comfort to his loving wife, Elizabeth, and his dear daughter, Robin, that a grateful nation joins them in mourning on this sad day. My full statement:Senator Dole championed our men and women in uniform and the hidden heroes who care for them each day. He also never failed to raise his powerful voice on behalf of Americans living with disabilities and was an inspiration himself to millions.With great valor & heroism, Senator Dole put his life on the line on the battlefield to defend our democracy. From the Well of the House to the Floor of the Senate, from presidential candidate to elder statesman, he served our county with great integrity & was a man of his word.Today,our nation mourns the loss of a towering leader who embodied courage and excellence in public service. Senator Bob Dole was an extraordinary patriot, who devoted his entire life in service to the county he loved and to our cherished national values for which he fought.Decades of underinvestment in supply chain infrastructure have led to bottlenecksthat add costs and delays forsmall businesses and consumers.Thats why@POTUS and@HouseDemocrats delivered $17 billion in funding for ports in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law..@HouseDemocrats have taken action to combat the climate crisis with the largest investment in U.S. history that cuts pollution, creates good-paying jobs and invests in America. The #BuildBackBetter Act advances @POTUS vision of America leading the world in a clean energy future.Congressional Democrats and President Biden will Build Back Better For The People with more jobs, cut taxes and lower costs for all! Read my full statement here:Democrats are using every tool at our disposal to build on this progress to create jobs and lower families costs, including through the Build Back Better Act, which is the biggest cost cutting bill for the middle class in modern history, providing immediate relief for families.The November jobs report is further evidence that the Biden #BuildBackBetter agenda is getting Americans back to work. Unemployment is down & is at the lowest level since before the pandemic, job growth is years ahead of projections & paychecks are surging & taxes are being cut.Democrats will continue to work to craft and pass a strong and hopefully bipartisan long-term funding bill that meets families needs, as we crush the virus and ensure that our economy runs smoothly and prices are lowered for middle class families.Today, I am proud to sign theContinuing Resolution passed under @RosaDeLauro as @HouseDemocrats take an essential stepto keep government open and pave the way for an omnibus funding bill that meets the need of the American people.Join Members of Congress and me live at the United States Capitol for a bill enrollment ceremony on H.R. 6119, the Further Extending Government Funding Act, in order to keep the federal government open #ForThePeople.Just as the federal government invested in providing electricity to every American 100 years ago, Democrats are investing in broadband infrastructure through the Bipartisan Infrastructure package, ensuring every American has access to high-speed affordable internet.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Our Bipartisan Infrastructure package puts Americans back to work! From builders repairing decaying roads to plumbers replacing lead pipes and more this new law will help continue to deliver historic job growth as Democrats and @POTUS #BuildBackBetter.For six decades, the #PeoplesTree has brought us together in comfort, unity and joy. May this magnificent tree serve as a beacon to all Americans this joyous holiday season.As House Speaker, it was an honor to welcome Americans from across the country to view the annual Lighting of the Capitol Christmas Tree. And as a proud Californian, it is especially exciting that this years tree hails from Six Rivers National Forest.Join members of the California Congressional delegation, @NatlParkService and me live at the U.S. Capitol to light this years Christmas tree from the Six Rivers National Forest in Crescent City, California.Read my full statement on the Supreme Court oral arguments inDobbs v. Jackson Womens Health Organization:The constitutional right to an abortion has been repeatedly affirmed. Any failure to fully strike down the Mississippi ban would seriously erode the legitimacy of the Court, as the Court itself warned in its ruling in Casey, and question its commitment to the rule of law itself.Mississippis radical abortion ban, part of a nationwide assault against womens freedoms targeting in particular women of color and women from low-income communities, is brazenly unconstitutional and designed to destroy Roe v. Wade.The House is committed to defending womens health freedoms and to enshrining into law our House-passed Womens Health Protection Act, led by @RepJudyChu, to protect reproductive health care for all women across America.As the Supreme Court hears arguments in the case of Dobbs v. Jackson Womens Health Organization, it has the opportunity and responsibility to honor the Constitution, the law and this basic truth: every woman has the constitutional right to basic reproductive health care.On World AIDS Day, and every day, let us summon the spirit of courage, ingenuity and cooperation necessary to end the stigma, advance health equity and finally banish HIV/AIDS to the dustbin of history. Read my full statement here:This year, our nation marked a solemn milestone: forty years of HIV/AIDS, which has inflicted nearly unparalleled pain and devastation on our world. Yet, out of this darkness & despair, and moved by the powerful voices of advocates and survivors, we have forged healing and hope.Every #WorldAIDSDay, the world comes together to remember the unimaginable toll that AIDS has taken. We also honor all those living with HIV or AIDS, who are fighting stigma and discrimination while raising their voices and inspiring our work to achieve an AIDS-free generation.May it be a comfort to Congresswoman Meeks children, her grandchildren and great-grandchildren and all her loved ones to know that so many across Florida and the nation mourn their loss and pray for them at this sad time. Read my full statement here:It was a great honor to know, serve with and share a friendship with Congresswoman Meek. She was formidable in meeting the needs of her community, including by advocating for Haitian immigrants and refugees and creating economic opportunities for working families in her district.Today, with great sadness over her passing, the Congress and Country mourn the loss and celebrate the life of former Congresswoman Carrie Meek: a remarkable, trailblazing leader who helped expand opportunity in America. She not only made history but made progress for our nation.From my family to yours, we wish you and your loved ones a Happy #Hanukkah!In a spirit of gratitude, let us thank God for blessing America with the greatness of the vision of our Founders and the courage of our men and women in uniform and their families. Best wishes for a happy and healthy #HappyThanksgiving!Thanksgiving is an all-American holiday, when we recognize the many blessings that have been bestowed upon our nation. This Thanksgiving, we have much to be grateful for, especially the vaccine and with it, the ability to gather in-person with loved ones.So sorry to hear of your loss, @SenSchumer. Your father lived the American Dream: a World War II veteran, a hard-working entrepreneur, a proud father & a loving grandfather & great grandfather. May it be a comfort that so many join you & your family in mourning at this sad time.Thanks to @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, jobless claims just hit a fifty-year low. With #BuildBackBetter, Democrats are going to continue to create more good-paying jobs, cut taxes for the middle class, and lower families every day expenses.In previous years, pre-pandemic, my family and I have had the honor of volunteering alongside this extraordinary team as they ensured that all have hot food & good company. #HopeServedDailyEach Thanksgiving, and indeed every day, @stanthonysf serves thousands of warm meals to San Franciscans experiencing homelessness & hardship.The bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act provides job-creating infrastructure investments for the Bay Area and millions of Americans nationwide.Today, I joined @RepAnnaEshoo, @RepBarbaraLee, @RepSpeier, @RepDeSaulnier, local labor leaders and plumber and pipefitting apprentices to discuss #infrastructure at the United Association Local 38 Joseph P. Mazzola Training Center.Join @RepAnnaEshoo, @RepBarbaraLee, @RepSpeier, local union leaders and me at an event celebrating the passage of the bipartisan infrastructure law and what it will mean for the San Francisco Bay Area.Happy birthday, @POTUS!Your leadership continues to help America work together to #BuildBackBetter.Let us renew our vow to honor the beautiful souls we have lost, ensure our transgender community feels seen, heard and represented and never relent until every person is free to live freely as their authentic selves. Read my full statement here:This year in particular, our transgender neighbors and loved ones have endured a heartbreaking and accelerating campaign of violence and persecution. Proudly, Democrats have long stood shoulder to shoulder with LGBTQ activists to advance the cause of full equality for all.Each#TransDayOfRemembrance, our nation comes together to honor the countless transgender Americans who have suffered unthinkable violence or have been brutally murdered simply for who they are. We hold their memories in our hearts and pray for the families in anguish.Today, the House voted for the #BuildBackBetter Act, which delivers good-paying jobs, cuts middle class taxes and lowers the costs that weigh heaviest on working families fully paid for by asking the wealthiest few and biggest corporations to pay their fair share.Today, the Democratic House took a giant and historic step forward to #BuildBackBetter.Join House Democratic Leaders and me live at the U.S. Capitol for a press conference celebrating House passage of the historic #BuildBackBetter Act.Today, as House Speaker, I was proud to sign HR 5142, to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 13 Servicemembers who died in Afghanistan on August 26, 2021 during the evacuation of citizens of the United States & Afghan allies at Hamid Karzai International Airport.The GOP is so desperate to hurt the economy that they voted against millions of good-paying jobs & the biggest infrastructure investment in generations.  But that hasnt stopped them from lying to their constituents & trying to claim credit for the benefits Democrats delivered.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Therefore, the House and Senate will immediately begin a bipartisan process of reconciling the two chambers legislative proposals so that we can deliver a final piece of legislation to the Presidents desk as soon as possible. Read our full statement:While there are many areas of agreement on these legislative proposals between the two chambers, there are still a number of important unresolved issues. We have decided that the best way to get an agreement will be through the Conference process..@SenSchumer and I are pleased to announce an agreement for the House and Senate to go to Conference on the United States Innovation and Competition Act to bolster American manufacturing, fix our supply chains and invest in the next generation of cutting-edge technology research.The Constitution charges us to be accountable to the people and we must act in a spirit in which all Americans can be proud.  Disgusting threats of violence against Members of Congress and the President violate this standard, insult this institution and demand a response.Today, wecontinued to strengthenthis relationship by discussing COVID-19 response and recovery, global security, the climate crisis, trade and advancing North American economic prosperity.As House Speaker, it is my official honor to welcome @JustinTrudeau, Prime Minister of Canada, back to the United States Capitol. Forover150 years, our nations have been more than neighbors we have beenironcladallies and partners.Join The Right Honorable @CanadianPM and me live at the United States Capitol for a photo opportunity.The Bipartisan Infrastructure package is a jobs, jobs, jobs bill!  Thanks to the leadership of @POTUS and Democrats, this law will deliver millions of good-paying union jobs where workers will enjoy essential protections secured by organized labor. #BuildBackBetterWithWorkersJoin members of Congress, advocates and me live at the U.S. Capitol for a press conference on the importance of passing the Build Back Better Act and its $555 billion of investments in #ClimateActionNow.The Bipartisan Infrastructure package delivers a once-in-a-century investment to rebuild our nation in a stronger, more sustainable way.  Thanks to the leadership of @POTUS and work of @HouseDemocrats, more jobs, safer roads, cleaner water and more are on the way!Join members of Congress, advocates and me on the U.S. Capitol Lawn as we highlight how Build Back Better will deliver the care families need and jobs and justice for care workers because #CareCantWait.With President Biden's signature, we show America's leadership #ForThePeople and to the world. This is a great accomplishment, and there's more to come.When America was experiencing the depths of pandemic and economic crisis, @POTUS knew that we had to #BuildBackBetter. Congress did so by passing the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, an historic step to rebuild infrastructure and the middle class.Check your eligibility online by using this tool:Today, thanks to Democrats, tens of millions of families are receiving another payment of the Biden #ChildTaxCredit as they head into Thanksgiving. Democrats are putting more money in families pockets for buying groceries, filling up at the pump & paying the bills.Join @POTUS, Members of Congress and me live at the White House as the President signs the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which will create millions of good-paying jobs while delivering the largest investment in infrastructure in a generation.In our Congressional delegations meeting yesterday at #COP26 with First Minister of Scotland @NicolaSturgeon, we reaffirmed our shared belief that the climate crisis is an existential threat to the world that requires a just transition to clean energy economies.Our Congressional delegation met with #COP26 President @AlokSharma_RDG yesterday where we thanked him for his leadership, for the urgency that he brings to the climate fight and for his commitment to making gender equity a key component of climate action.Combating the climate crisis will require a model of collaboration that is unprecedented in size, scope and ambition to bring together the public, private and non-profit sectors to scale climate action solutions. Read my full statement here:Yesterday, my colleagues and I had the privilege of hearing from civil society leaders, both domestic and international. We listened and learned of their concerns about equity, ambitions for limiting temperature increases to 1.5 degrees Celsius, and climate change financing.Armistice Day is a profound reminder of the bravery of our veterans and our appreciation of Allied nations working together. God Bless America. God Bless Our Troops.At 11:00 a.m., cannons were fired from the castle to observe the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month. We joined people throughout Scotland to honor those who risked or gave their lives for peace and freedom.Today on our #VeteransDay, our Congressional delegation to COP26 visited the Scottish War Memorial at Edinburgh Castle. We were welcomed by Her Majestys representative Major General Bruce.As our nation #BuildsBackBetter in the months ahead, Democrats will not rest until all those who have fought for our freedom can enjoy the benefits they have earned and the future they deserve. Read my full statement on #VeteransDay here:The Democratic House has worked to honor the valor and sacrifice of our veteran community. And Congress applauds the leadership of @POTUS Biden to end the ban on transgender Servicemembers as well as developing a new strategy to prevent suicides in military & veterans community.Since our earliest days, and in our darkest hours, generations of patriots have proudly stepped forward to defend our nation and after their tours of duty, many veterans have blessed our nation with their continued service in our communities.On #VeteransDay, we come together in gratitude for the heroes who have answered our nations call to serve. Today, & every day, let us vow to honor this sacred pledge: just as the military leaves no one behind on the battlefield, we leave no veteran behind when they return home.It was a pleasure to meet with @EPAMichaelRegan in Glasgow today. A proven leader in our transition to a clean energy economy & longtime champion of environmental justice, he will be key in implementing the new Global Methane Pledge announced by @POTUS last week at #COP26.In a meeting with UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres today,I expressed the deep appreciation of the Congress for the @UN strong climate leadership and for sounding the alarm that we face Code Red for Humanity because of the climate crisis.During his presidency, @BarackObama helped us meet and beat our Paris goals.  As President Biden and the world make them bolder at #COP26, it was a pleasure to meet with President Obama to discuss how we can preserve the planet for future generations.This ruling clearly reaffirms the power and importance of the @January6thCmte to pursue its prerogative to conduct oversight and find the truth, to protect the Capitol and defend Democracy. Read my full statement here:No one can be allowed to stand in the way of the truth particularly not the previous President, who instigated and encouraged the insurrection. As the ruling states, Presidents are not Kings, and plaintiff is not President.The District Court has delivered a victory for the Constitution, the rule of law and the American people, in ruling to reaffirm the Houses investigatory powers and to reject the past Presidents attempted obstruction of the investigation into the deadly #January6th insurrection.It was an honor to join John Kerry at #COP26 a long-time leader in leading global climate action. We discussed how, as our first-ever @ClimateEnvoy, he is helping @POTUS to rally the world to protect our planet.Join us live following another day of activities at #COP26 on the urgency of the climate crisis.Max Cleland was a patriot. In the face of great adversity, he devoted his life to public service: from the battlefield to the halls of the Senate to his relentless advocacy for veterans.  May it be a comfort to his loved ones that our nation joins them in mourning today.Threats of violence against Members of Congress and the President of the United States must not be tolerated. @GOPLeader should join in condemning this horrific video and call on the Ethics Committee and law enforcement to investigate.Join Members of Congress and me live at #COP26 in Glasgow for a press conference on the urgency of the climate crisis and the significant climate action that both @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats continue to take to meet and beat our climate goals.Its an honor to join Members of Congress in Glasgow, Scotlands @COP26 for bilateral meetings, panel discussions & engagements with global leaders on top climate priorities, including the recent IPCC report, gender equity and public-private sector coordination on climate action.Join me live at #COP26 in Glasgow as I deliver remarks on how women around the world are central to combating the climate crisis as they are both hardest hit by its impacts and key to the solution.Read more about the Congressional delegation I am leading to #COP26 here:As we face Code Red for Humanity, America must meet this moment by addressing this crisis, putting justice and equity first.The Congressional delegation will participate in bilateral meetings, panel discussions and other engagements with global leaders on top climate priorities.The climate crisis is the existential threat of our time and America has a great responsibility to bring bold ambitions to the table to meet & beat our climate action goals. Thats why I am leading a Congressional delegation to the United Nations #COP26 this week.See what happened behind-the-scenes around the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.When the House returns, we will pass our #BuildBackBetter Act. Together, our bills will forge the greatest progress for families in a generation. Read my full statement here:I commend the President in securing the passage of this once-in-a-century infrastructure investment on a strong bipartisan vote. This landmark legislation will create millions of good-paying American jobs and ensure America can outcompete any nation on earth for decades to come.The American people sent @POTUS to the White House and Democratic Majorities to Congress to deliver results that make their lives better. Last night, by sending an historic and bipartisan infrastructure package to the Presidents desk, that is exactly what we have done.Together, the Bipartisan Infrastructure bill and the Build Back Better Act will create 2 million jobs average per year & lower the everyday costs holding back working families. Democrats are proud to deliver historic, transformative progress #ForThePeople.The Bipartisan Infrastructure bill will create millions of good-paying union jobs rebuilding Americas crumbling, outdated infrastructure: fromroads and bridges to transit and rail to clean drinking water and wastewater systems to high-speed broadband for all.Octobers jobs report is evidence that Democrats agenda is delivering results. Thats why we are sustaining this historic progress: yesterday, the House sent the Bipartisan Infrastructure bill to @POTUS desk to be signed into law. And soon we will enact our #BuildBackBetter Act.Tonight, I proudly signed the historic Bipartisan Infrastructure Framework and sent it to @POTUS to be signed into law. This bill delivers a once-in-a-century investment in our infrastructure, creates good-paying jobs and takes a crucial step to #BuildBackBetter For The People.The Festival of Lights symbolizes the victory of hope, knowledge and new beginnings over darkness and despair. May this #Diwali bring happiness and light to everyone celebrating around the country and the world.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for a ceremonial swearing-in for Representatives-elect Shontel Brown and Mike Carey of Ohio to fill the 11th and 15th district seats of Ohio respectively.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Democrats will not relent until every American can have a say in the destiny of our democracy. Read my full statement here:The House-passed Voting Rights Advancement Act empowers @TheJusticeDept to block voting restrictions imposed by states with dark histories of discrimination & ensure voters have fair access to the ballot a cause to which our beloved John Lewis devoted his entire life.Right now, our nation faces the most sinister and severe campaign of voter suppression since Jim Crow. Across the country, GOP state legislators and GOP-appointed judges are silencing the voices of voters.Today, @SenateGOP again undermined the sacred right to vote and harmed their own constituents when they blocked the #JohnLewisVotingRightsAct.  While Republicans greenlight this assault on the ballot for their own political gain, Democrats are fighting back.Continuing our momentum from the G20 Speakers Summit in Rome and the G7 Speaker's Meeting in the United Kingdom,I look forward to working on the pandemic, our security alliance, the climate crisis, our economic partnership and scientific and educational ties.It is my official honor to welcome@Roberto_Fico, President of Italian Chamber of Deputies, to the United States Capitol.For 160 years, the United States and Italy have shared a strong bond that is embedded in American history.#PaidLeaveForAll builds on the transformational provisions of @POTUS Build Back Better Act which will benefit millions of parents and families across America with child care and universal pre-K, the Child Tax Credit, home health care and more!House Democrats know #PaidLeaveForAll is essential for getting children learning & parents earning and that's why Paid Family & Medical Leave will be included in our House #BuildBackBetter bill!Join The Honorable @Roberto_Fico, President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Republic of Italy and me live at the U.S. Capitol ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.For seniors, we have also reduced out-of-pocket co-pays and created a new $2,000 out-of pocket limit for seniors expenses in Medicare Part D. Read my full statement here:In the #BuildBackBetter Act, Democrats will deliver strong drug price negotiations to lower prices for our seniors and halt Big Pharma's Outrageous price hikes above inflation, not just for seniors but for all Americans.For a generation, @HouseDemocrats have been fighting to deliver real drug price negotiations that will lower costs. With todays agreement on strong lower drug price provisions for the #BuildBackBetter Act, Democrats make good on this transformational agenda for our seniors.When we #BuildBackBetter, Democrats will create jobs, cut taxes and lower health costs for families across America. Read my full statement here:Now, Democrats are working to pass the #BuildBackBetter Act to extend enhanced subsidies included in the American Rescue Plan securing affordable premiums for over 9 million Americans, delivering coverage to millions of uninsured & bringing us to near universal health coverage.This year, @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats built on the success of the ACA with the American Rescue Plan. Nearly 3 million more Americans gained access to life-saving coverage, families are saving an average of over $800/yr and 4/5 families can access coverage for under $10 a month.The Affordable Care Act continues to deliver on Democrats promise that affordable health care is a right, not a privilege. Starting today, families will be able to enroll in affordable, accessible and life-saving coverage for the new year in the 2022 ACA Open Enrollment Period.#BuildBackBetter will grow the economy without increasing inflation, because it is fully paid for. Democrats look forward to passing the Build Back Better Act and Bipartisan Infrastructure Framework For The People. Read my full statement here:The House, Senate and White House continue to move forward with the #BuildBackBetter Act creating millions of jobs, delivering a massive middle class tax cut and lowering families costs, while making the wealthiest few and big corporations pay their fair share.See what happened behind-the-scenes around the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.It is now crucial that every eligible American especially children ages five to eleven get vaccinated as quickly as possible, so that we can finally put an end to this pandemic. Read my full statement here:Getting our children vaccinated is the best way to ensure their health and safety, so they can go to school, spend time with their families and engage in our communities with the confidence of knowing they are protected from this vicious virus.Thanks to Democrats leadership with the #AmericanRescuePlan, and @POTUS forward-thinking actions last week, families in every community across the country will have free and convenient access to the vaccine for their children.Today is a momentous day in the fight against the COVID pandemic, with the FDAs first emergency use authorization of a coronavirus vaccine for children 5-11 years old.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.As we commemorate this anniversary, let us vow to continue to tear down barriers to justice, root out hatred wherever it takes hold and build a fairer future for generations to come. Read my full statement here:There remains more work ahead to finally end the scourges of racism, homophobia, transphobia and bigotry.Whilethe dark forces of hate threaten to turn back the clock on hard-won civil rights,Democrats are proudly carrying on the fight for liberty and justice for all.12 years ago, our nation made historic progress when the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act became law: ensuring justice for the millions of Americans at risk of violence simply for who they are, where they are from, how they pray or who they love.Its an honor to welcome @POTUS back to the United States Capitol this morning as we continue our work to #BuildBackBetter For The People.Each day, let us pledge to build a future where every American can live in peace safe from gun violence and free of antisemitism, bigotry and hate. Read my full statement here:Over the last several years, Jewish communities at home and abroad have suffered a spike in antisemitism. Sadly, these same dark forces of hatred have reached into many other communities, offering an urgent reminder that we must never fail to combat bigotry in all its ugly forms.Today, Americans join the Jewish community of Pittsburgh in mourning the 11 beautiful souls stolen from us 3 years ago in an attack on the Tree of Life Synagogue. We pray for the families and communities forever scarred by losing a loved one to the evils of antisemitism.For three decades, he has offered moral and spiritual leadership on the climate crisis, religious freedom and human rights. His voice will continue to be vital as we build a better future for our children.As House Speaker, it was an honor to welcome His All-Holiness Patriarch Bartholomew, Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople of the Eastern Orthodox Church, back to the United States Capitol today to offer a blessing for the Congress.See what happened behind-the-scenes around the United States Capitol with myMediumpost, MadamSpeaker.Watch my interview with @JakeTapper on @CNNSotu to discuss the #BuildBackBetter Agenda, the work of the @January6thCmte, our progress on voting rights and on combatting the COVID-19 pandemic.Enforcement of House subpoenas through criminal referrals such as this one and other actions serves as a way of safeguarding the Houses constitutional authority to conduct necessary and appropriate oversight & investigations. Read my full statement here:The vote for the criminal contempt of Congress resolution today goes beyond Bannon. It was a vote for the system of checks and balances and the Constitution. The genius of our Constitution, the separation of powers, our system of checks and balances, was upheld by todays vote.The @January6thCmte to Investigate the #January6th Attack led the House, on a strong bipartisan basis, to honor its duty to pursue the truth of that dark day. Trump associate Steve Bannon has information central to this investigation and cannot be allowed to hide the truth.We have a duty to the Constitution & the country to find the truth of the #January6th attack. Steve Bannon has information central to this investigation but is defying a Congressional subpoena. That is why the House today held him in contempt of Congress on a bipartisan vote.As House Speaker, it is an honor to join @POTUS and @VP in marking the 10th anniversary of the dedication of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial today, renewing our commitment to ensuring liberty and justice for all.Today on #SpiritDay, millions are wearing purple to take a stand against bullying and in support of LGBTQ youth. Whether you came out years ago, are speaking your truth today, arent ready yet or plan to someday soon, never doubt that you are seen, you are heard & you are loved.Watch @POTUS, @VP and me at a special ceremony marking the 10th anniversary of the dedication of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial. Today, and every day, we reaffirm our vow to make real MLK's dream and the promise of liberty and justice for all.Join me live with Democrats, advocates and caregivers to highlight how Democrats will Build Back Better by meeting the needs of working families, expanding access to quality care services and creating more care jobs because #CareCantWait!Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Join Members of Congress, advocates and me live at the U.S. Capitol at an event ahead of a hearing on the #EqualRightsAmendment to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the House passage of the ERA and call for its enshrinement into the U.S. Constitution.Last week, the fourth round of President Bidens Child Tax Credit payments went out to millions of families across the country. The historic tax cut has helped parents put food on the table, buy clothes, pay their mortgage or rent & is cutting child poverty by nearly half.Democrats will always be #ForThePeople and we will not rest until we safeguard the sacred right to vote for generations to come. Read my full statement here:This year alone, 19 GOP-controlled state legislatures enacted 33 laws to disenfranchise voters & GOP-appointed judges continue to rip away hard-won voter protections in the courts.  This all-out assault on the sanctity of the ballot is silencing the voices of voters.Today, @SenateGOP voted to aid and abet the most dangerous campaign of voter suppression since Jim Crow.  By blocking our compromise voting rights bill, the Freedom to Vote Act, Republicans are undermining their constituents, the Constitution and our country.While I'm looking forward to seeing the @SFGiants go all the way next year, in the meantime, a deal is a deal. Enjoy your sweet victory @RepJimmyGomez with some of San Francisco's own Ghirardelli chocolates!Join Members of Congress, faith community leaders and me at the U.S. Capitol for an interfaith vigil as we highlight how Democrats will #BuildBackBetter for our children.Join Members of Congress and me live at the U.S. Capitol for an event about how the #BuildBackBetter Act will create good paying jobs tackling the climate crisis and investing in leading the clean energy economy of the future.Generations of proud Filipino Americans have blessed our nation with immeasurable contributions, from arts & culture to business & labor to military service. During #FilipinoAmericanHistoryMonth we celebrate the Filipino Americans who have made San Francisco and our nation home.May it be a comfort to Alma and the entire Powell family that so many in America mourn their loss and pray for them at this sad time. Read my full statement here:The sad loss of Colin Powell is another sad indication of the toll that the coronavirus continues to take on our country. As we pray for the General Powells loved ones, we pray for the families of the nearly 725,000 Americans who have been taken from us by this vicious virus.Today, the nation has lost an historic leader who dedicated his life to defending our nation and our families. General Colin Powell was a patriot whose leadership strengthened America and whose life embodied the American Dream.Today, I spoke with my friend @CommonsSpeakerSir Lindsay Hoyle to express the condolences of the U.S. Congressfor the tragic murder of Sir David Amess, MP.See what happened behind-the-scenes at the United States Capitol and in my travels with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Yesterday, I was proud to join HUD @SecFudge, SF Mayor @LondonBreed and @CALtGovernor Eleni Kounalakis at the HOPE SF, Sunnydale Site to promote critical provisions in the #BuildBackBetter Act that tackle housing equity.Today,thanks to @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, families are getting their fourth payment of the life-changing Biden #ChildTaxCredit. While @HouseGOP have abandoned our families, Democrats are always fighting #ForThePeople.Yesterday, I joined @SenAlexPadilla & local climate leaders on the California Academy of Sciences Living Roof to discuss key provisions of the #BuildBackBetter Act that tackle the climate crisis, create jobs, promote environmental injustice & invest in our clean energy future.Congrats to the @SFGiants players on a thrilling season despite the tough ending and to the @Dodgers for your win. @RepJimmyGomez your chocolate is coming.Today is the day! Game 5! With the series on the line, the NLDS is coming home to San Francisco where my @SFGiants will show the @Dodgers, once again, whos the best in the West. Looking forward to winning my wager with @RepJimmyGomez! Let's go Giants! #BeatLA #ResilientSFJoin @SenAlexPadilla, @EddieAhn, @Dan_Kammen, @RevSallyBingham & me @CalAcademy for an event on critical provisions in the #BuildBackBetter Act that tackle the climate crisis, create jobs, fight environmental injustice & invest in our clean energy future.Join @ScottShafer, @MLagos and me live for a moderated conversation for @KQED's Live Fall series discussing the latest in Washington, women in leadership and more.As House Speaker, it is my official honor to welcome His Excellency @YairLapid, Alternate Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Israel, to the United States Capitol today ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join His Excellency @YairLapid, Alternate Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Israel, and me at the U. S. Capitol ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Whether you came out years ago, are speaking your truth today, arent ready yet or plan to someday soon, never doubt that you are seen, you are heard & you are loved. On #NationalComingOutDay, and every day, Americans are proud to stand with our LGBTQ community.Read my full remarks here:I want the face of American security to be more about women, more people of color. This is not about mere representation, it's about leadership. We truly do believe that when women succeed, America succeeds.Honored to accept the inaugural Women for Peace and Security Award and deliver an address at the 67th Annual Session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly in Lisbon.Join me live at the 67th Annual Session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly in Lisbon, Portugal as I deliver an address and accept the inaugural Women for Peace and Security Award.Before I speak to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly Session in Lisbon, Portugal, I was proud to meet the U.S. Marine Detachment at @USEmbPortugal and deliver our thanks for their service to our nation.Under President Mattarellas leadership, Italy has enjoyed stability at home and been a global leader in crushing COVID, in acting on climate and in being a positive international presence. Read my full statement here:We were very fortunate to hear President Mattarellas wisdom on global affairs. I reiterated our appreciation for Italys @NATO partnership in Afghanistan and the assistance throughout the evacuation of our Afghan allies, as well as for Italys role in the @COP26 climate summit.This afternoon, I was honored to meet with President Sergio Mattarella to express my gratitude for his invaluable leadership of Italy and on the global stage.While I always enjoy sharing some of my favorite chocolates from Ghirardelli with my colleagues, I look forward to trying the Los Angeles delicacies from @RepJimmyGomez when he has to pay up! The @Dodgers are no match for the heart and hustle of our @SFGiants! #OrangeOctoberIn San Francisco, we take special pride in Pope Francis, who shares the namesake of our city and whose song of St. Francis is our anthem. Read My Statement on Audience with His Holiness Pope Francis here:His Holinesss leadership is a source of joy and hope for Catholics and for all people, challenging each of us to be good stewards of Gods creation, to act on climate, to embrace the refugee, the immigrant and the poor, and to recognize the dignity and divinity in everyone.It was a spiritual, personal and official honor to have an audience with His Holiness Pope Francis this morning.Today, I addressed the Opening Ceremonies of the Pre-COP26 Parliamentary Meeting. We are at a moment of great responsibility and therefore opportunity on the climate crisis. The G20 countries could, if we act boldly and with unity, mitigate the vast majority of climate change.It is with great respect for the role parliaments must play in meeting the challenges before us that I met with @Pres_Casellati & @Roberto_Fico at the G20 Parliamentary Speakers' Summit. #P20 Thank you to our Italian hosts for making this global gathering of leaders possible.Read my full statement here:I commended Prime Minister Draghi for his economic leadership to promote inclusive economic growth. Crushing the virus and investing in the green economy is a key way to promote that growth. We must build a sustainable future for our children that does not leave anyone behind.As one of our closest NATO allies, Italy has been an invaluable security partner for the United States. I was glad to express to Prime Minister Draghi the gratitude of the Congress for the hospitality and partnership Italy extends to our military.It was an honor to meet today with Italys Prime Minister Mario Draghi, a strong international leader in the fight against COVID, in confronting the climate crisis and in investing in inclusive growth.Congressional Democrats and President Biden will #BuildBackBetter For The People with more jobs, cut taxes and lower costs for all. Read my full statement here:#BuildBackBetter will be transformative for Americas workers and middle class. We must Build Back Better for jobs: jobs in health care, jobs in family health and jobs in climate by creating the clean energy economy of the future.The September jobs report is additional proof of the need for @HouseDemocrats jobs-creating #BuildBackBetter agenda. While historic progress to create jobs, lower unemployment and defeat the pandemic has been forged, more must be done to protect families financial security.Join me live as I deliver a keynote address as a guest speaker to the opening ceremonies of the #PreCOP26 Parliamentary meeting, emphasizing the U.S. Congress commitment to climate action.It was my honor to deliver a keynote address to todays Opening Session of the G20 Parliamentary Speakers' Summit #P20. Today, the times have found us, each and every one of us, to save the people from COVID & to save the planet from the existential threat of the climate crisis.Join me as I deliver my keynote address to the Opening Session of the G20 Parliamentary Speakers Summit #P20 on the urgency to crush COVID & save our planet from the climate crisis.  The times have found us. We must rise to the urgency of this moment.Saddened the brutal sentencing of aid worker Abdulrahman al-Sadhan has been upheld, especially given allegations of torture in detention. Saudi Arabias assault on the freedom of expression & pattern of human rights abuses must be condemned by all freedom-loving people.At a critical moment for the international community on climate, coronavirus & global security, I will be addressing the G20 Parliamentary Speakers Summit this week in Rome. #P20 Proud to meet the U.S. Marine Detachment at @AmbasciataUSA & deliver our thanks for their service.So pleased to join @POTUS, Members of Congress and the greater community for the 2021 Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park. See what else happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Happy 97th birthday to a leader who personifies goodness and grace: President Jimmy Carter. America, and indeed the entire world, are so grateful for your lifetime of hard work building a better future for our children. Wishing you and Rosalynn the very best on your special day!Jim Hormel made history as the first openly gay U.S. Ambassador, paving the way for a generation of LGBTQ leaders. But it is his goodness and greatness that will be forever etched in the hearts of all who know him. We miss him dearly.Honored to welcome @POTUS to the U.S. Capitol this afternoon. Together, we will #BuildBackBetter for the American people!Join Members of Congress and me live on the National Mall at the #InAmericaRemember exhibit for a moment of silence honoring the 700,000 lives lost to COVID-19 in America.Today, I am proud to sign H.R. 5305, a Continuing Resolution that ensures we keep the federal government open #ForThePeople.Join Members of Congress and me live at the United States Capitol for a bill enrollment ceremony on H.R. 5305, a Continuing Resolution that ensures we keep the federal government open #ForThePeople.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Republicans refusal to support a suspension of the debt ceiling is downright dangerous and threatens six million jobs, financial security for working families and could send the unemployment rate to nine percent.It was a privilege to speak with @JeffreyGoldberg for the Ideas Stage at @TheAtlanticFest. Watch my full interview here. #TAF21Proud to join @HouseDemocrats & League of Conservation Voters, Climate Power & other climate activists to reaffirm the need for critical provisions in the #BuildBackBetter Act that tackle the climate crisis, advance environmental justice & invest in Americas clean energy future.Join Members of Congress, activists & me live at the U.S. Capitol for an event on how the #BuildBackBetter Act will create good paying jobs tackling the climate crisis, addressing environmental justice & investing in Americas clean energy future.The full faith & credit of the United States should not be political. Republicans reckless decision to block government funding & raising the debt ceiling threatens 6 million jobs, financial ruin for countless families, military paychecks & Social Security payments to seniors.The backbone of our democracy and our country is the middle class and those who aspire to it. As we Build Back Better, we must meet families home health care needs and lift up the caregivers who meet them! #CareCantWaitSee what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol and in my district with myMediumpost, Madam Speaker.The Biden agenda: lower costs, historic middle class tax cuts, millions of green good-paying jobs for the American people and much more to #BuildBackBetter and paid for by making sure the wealthy and corporations pay their fair share.This morning, I joined @ThisWeekABC to talk about passing @POTUS Bidens #BuildBackBetter Agenda. The next few days will be a time of intensity. We must pass a Continuing Resolution, Build Back Better Act and the BIF.President Bidens vision is about rewarding work, not just wealth. Democrats are united behind Americas working families fighting for fairness in our economy, justice in the environment and unlocking the full economic potential of parents in the workforce. #BuildBackBetterThis week, I was privileged to welcome @SimonCoveney,MinisterofForeign Affairs and Defense of the Republic ofIreland, to the United States Capitol.Proud to stand with @RepJudyChu & Members of the @ProChoiceCaucus before @HouseDemocrats passage of the Womens Health Protection Act. By passing this bill today, we reaffirmed this truth: every woman, everywhere, has the constitutional right to basic reproductive health care!For The Children, Democrats #BuildBackBetter Act will give millions of middle class families one of the biggest tax cuts in history while dramatically lowering everyday costs with investments in child care, paid leave, home-based care, universal pre-K and more.Very proud to stand with Members of Congress and advocatesthis morningto uplift House Democrats work to #BuildBackBetter for Women because we all know: when women succeed, America succeeds.Join @HouseDemocrats and me at the United States Capitol as we talk about our transformational plans to #BuildBackBetter for Women because when women succeed, America succeeds!Join Members of Congress and me live at the U.S. Capitol for a press conference on the Women's Health Protection Act ahead of the vote in the House of Representatives.#WHPAJoin essential home care workers, advocates, Members of Congress and me live at the "Care Can't Wait" event to highlight the need to create good union care jobs, expand access to home care & deliver racial and gender justice.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Today, I met with @LouisianaGov and @RepTroyCarter on helping disaster victims following hurricanes that hit Louisiana. While @HouseGOP abandoned families, @HouseDemocrats fought for them by voting for the Disaster Supplemental last night.Yesterday, I met with @RepKarenBass & His Excellency Joo Manuel Gonalves Loureno, President of the Republic of Angola, to discuss strengthening our bilateral relationship, COVID-19 response & recovery, support for reforms & economic prosperity & addressing the climate crisis.Today, I was honored to welcome @ScottMorrisonMP, Prime Minister of Australia,to the United States Capitol ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join @ScottMorrisonMP, Prime Minister of Australia and me live at the United States Capitol ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.As Speaker, it was my privilege to welcome The Right Honorable @BorisJohnson, M.P., Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to the United States Capitolthis morningahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join The Right Honorable @BorisJohnson, M.P., Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and me live at the United States Capitol ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Proud to join House Democrats yesterday to unveil the Protecting Our Democracy Act. This comprehensive reform is essential to protect, support and restore the American peoples faith in our democratic institutions and prevent abuse of presidential power.Today I planted a flag at artist Suzanne Brennan Firstenbergs In America: Remember, an art installation on the National Mall commemorating Americans lost to COVID-19. With each white flag, we remember those we have lost and reflect on the enormous toll of the pandemic.Join @HouseDemocrats and me live at the United States Capitol for a press conference on the Protecting Our Democracy Act.Join artist Suzanne Brennan Firstenberg and me at In America: Remember, a public art installation on the National Mall commemorating all Americans who have died due to COVID-19.Two years ago, @LeaderMcConnell said:America can't default. That would be a disaster." Yet, now he and @SenateGOP are trying to force the first-ever default of the U.S. All Members must come together in a spirit of bipartisanship to protect the full faith and credit of the U.S.The situation facing Haitian migrants at the border is heartbreaking, and Congress will continue to closely monitor developments. Read my full statement here:All migrants seeking asylum must be treated in accordance with the law and with basic decency. Any acts of aggression or violence cannot be tolerated and must be investigated.Reports of the mistreatment of Haitian migrants fleeing violence and devastation from natural disasters are deeply troubling, including the inappropriate use of what appear to be whips by Border Patrol officers on horseback to intimidate migrants.When SCOTUS takes up Dobbs v. Jackson Womens Health Organization, @HouseDemocrats urge it to respect the law, precedent & the rights of women by upholding Roe v. Wade & fully striking down the Mississippi ban. Read my full statement here:Revisiting or undermining Roe presents a threat to equality and justice in America, as the Mississippi ban particularly targets women of color & women from low-income communities & would perpetuate the structural racial and socioeconomic inequities that persist in our society.Mississippis draconian abortion ban one in a heartbreaking and nationwide assault against womens freedoms is unconstitutional. As the brief makes clear, the constitutional right to an abortion has been resoundingly affirmed: in Roe v. Wade & in Planned Parenthood v. Casey.Today, Congressional Democrats are taking action in the Courts as we standwith the American people and the law in defense of this truth: every woman, everywhere, has the constitutional right to basic reproductive health care.Watch my interview with @CommonsSpeaker @G7 Speakers Conference. Safety & security is the basis for every other good thing that flows from a Democracy. When freedom of expression turns into violence or an attempt to undermine the constitution, then we have to seek out the truth.We look forward to passing this crucial legislation with bipartisan support through both chambers and sending to the presidents desk in the coming weeks. Read my Joint Statement with @SenSchumer on Continuing Resolution and Debt Limit Legislation here:Addressing the debt limit is about meeting obligations the government has already made, like the bipartisan emergency COVID relief legislation from December as well as vital payments to Social Security recipients and our veterans.A suspension of the debt limit through 12/22 would provide an amount of time commensurate w/ the debt incurred as a result of passing last winters bipartisan $908B emergency COVID relief legislation, which was authored by GOP Senators & signed into law by the previous president.The legislation to avoid a government shutdown will also include a suspension of the debt limit through December 2022 to once again meet our obligations and protect the full faith and credit of the United States.This week, the House of Representatives will pass legislation to fund the government through December of this year to avoid a needless government shutdown that would harm American families and our economic recovery before the September 30th deadline.Today, and every day, Democrats reaffirm our pledge to honor all who don the uniform, no matter who you are or whom you love. And we will not relent until we finally, fully end discrimination against LGBTQ Americans for good. Read my full statement here:Democrats bold action to send this injustice to the dustbin of history immediately strengthened our national security and ensured that all those who put their lives on the line for our freedom are treated with dignity and respect.Ten years ago today, America took a monumental step forward on the march toward full equality. Whenthe repeal of the hateful #DontAskDontTellpolicy took effect, tens of thousands of brave, patriotic LGBTQServicemembers could finally openly serve our country.It was a privilege to meet with Leader @Keir_Starmer of the UK Labour Party in London this morning to discuss the enduring special relationship between our two nations and other issues of critical importance.This flag, which flew over the U.S. Capitol on the day of @POTUS inauguration, will carry on the proud tradition in St. Laurences Church and serve as a symbol of the everlasting bonds between our countries and peoples. May it always be a symbol of friendship, fellowship & peace.On behalf of the United States Congress, it was my official honor to join @CommonsSpeaker in Chorleys St. Laurences Church to present an American flag complementing the one given more than 76 years ago after WWII by American Servicemembers who were housed in and around Chorley.It was truly a pleasure to mark the occasion of the @G7 Speakers Meeting in Chorley, UK by planting an American Sweet Gum tree at the Astley Hall with 10-year-old Amy today!Open democracies are what make up strong democracies: informed and enriched by the values and voices we represent. Proud to represent the United States and deliver remarks on the debate on open vs. secure parliaments at the @G7 Speakers Meeting in Chorley, UK.During the @G7 Speakers Meeting, I was also pleased to meet with @RichardFerrand, President of the French National Assembly, and @Roberto_Fico, President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.It is a privilege to join @CommonsSpeaker in his proud hometown of Chorley for the 20th @G7 Speakers Meeting.It was a privilege to speak with @RobinNiblett at @ChathamHouse for a moderated conversation this morning.For over a century, Chatham House has been a leader in facilitating international conversation and cooperation in a proud spirit of intellectual pursuit.Today it was a privilege to meet with @AlokSharma_RDGin Londonahead of @COP26 to reaffirm our shared commitment to combating the climate crisis.Join @RobinNiblett and me at @ChathamHouse in London for a moderated conversation.Today, it was a great privilege to accept an Honorary Membership to @CambridgeUnion and serve as their inaugural speaker for the 2021-22 academic year.It was also my honor to personally invite the Prime Minister to a bipartisan leadership meeting in the United States Capitol when he travels to the United States later this month. Read my full statement here:Today, it was my honor to meet with @BorisJohnson to celebrate the special relationship between America and the United Kingdom and to reaffirm our mutual commitment to international security and strengthening the cherished friendship between our nations and peoples.Join me at the @CambridgeUnion for a moderated conversation and acceptance of anhonorary membership.As House Speaker, it is my official privilege to join my G7 colleagues in the United Kingdom for this years Speakers Meeting. Today, I was honored to visit our U.S. Marine Detachment at the @USAinUKand thank them for their service.When we #BuildBackBetter, we will create jobs, cut taxes and lower health costs for families across America. Read my full statement here:Thanks to @HouseDemocrats leadership, health coverage through the ACA is more affordable than ever. With families facing a deadly pandemic and many losing health coverage at work, Democrats dramatically lowered the cost of premiums for those who purchase coverage on their own.Todays record breaking enrollment numbers are further proof of the life-saving role the Affordable Care Act serves as a pillar of American health and economic security, standing alongside Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.When Kamala Harris became @VP, America took a glorious step into the future. In the White House, she is not only making history but she is making progress #ForThePeople. Read my full #TIME100 piece on Vice President Kamala Harris.Indeed, our countrys foundational spirit of E Pluribus Unum from many, one continues to inspire Democrats as we strive to build a stronger, fairer future for all our children and for decades to come. Read my statement on #HispanicHeritageMonth here:Since our nations founding, Latinos and Latinas have played an integral role in the American story. From these extraordinary achievements we are reminded that our nations greatest strength is our unity, forged by our diversity.During COVID-19, our nation has been grateful for the courageous service of so many Hispanic Americans on the frontlines. We also reflect on the challenges our Latino communities face, from unjust impacts of COVID-19 to decades of underinvestment to a broken immigration system.#HispanicHeritageMonth offers a special opportunity to come together in celebration of our Latino communities, who have for generations blessed our nation with their remarkable talents, fierce patriotism and an entrepreneurial spirit.In order to #BuildBackBetter, we have to start with women, who have seen the biggest challenges during the pandemic. @POTUS transformative vision will enable women to go back to work without having to worry about the uncertainty of home health care for their families.I was proud to recommend to @POTUS that @RepBarbaraLee continue her service as our representative to the United Nations. Our nation, and indeed the world, will be well-served with the experience and excellence that she brings to this essential post:Congresswoman Barbara Lee has the confidence of the Congress to continue to represent the U.S. at the 76th General Assembly of the United Nations. She will continue to bring her commitment to strengthen the UN, advance American values and build a brighter, fairer future for all.As Americans across the country mark #September11, we recommit to our sacred promise to never forget both what we lost and the unity and strength that we found.President Lincoln once cautioned the country of the silent artillery of time, threatening to erode our memories. Let us renew our vow: that time shall not dim the memory of our heroes.Moved by their strength, resilience & persistence, @HouseDemocrats are fighting to honor this truth: no woman should be forced to live in fear of violence or intimidation. Let us strive to build a brighter, safer future for all women & girls. My statement:Yet there remains work to do.1 in 3 women today have experienced sexual & domestic violence with even higher rates for women of color & women from underserved communities. We must listen to the brave survivors sharing their stories & demanding we take action.Today,Americans celebrate the lives saved & the progress forged by this legislation,first championed by @POTUS during his service in the Senate. We also hold in our hearts the women lost to this horrific violence & their loved ones.For nearly three decades, the #ViolenceAgainstWomenAct has stood as one of our nations most powerful tools in the fight against sexual & domestic violence. This has been an invaluable force to rally the nation around protecting the safety, rights & dignity of women and girls.At our darkest moment, America showed the world ourgreatnessin the heroism of thefirst responderswho rushed into danger on #September11.Today and always, Americans areunited ingrieffor thosewelostand their families, andingratitudefor their heroism.Join Members of Congress and me at the U.S. Capitol for a Bipartisan Congressional Remembrance Ceremony marking 20 years since the terror attacks on September 11th.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol and in my travels with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Deeply concerned with allegations of torture in detention of aid worker Abdulrahman al-Sadhan. His sentencing continues Saudi Arabias assault on freedom of expression. Congress will monitor Abdulrahmans appeal hearing tomorrow, as well as all human rights abuses by the regime.It was a solemn privilege to visit the @Sept11Memorial to mark 20 years since the terror attacks on our nation. When we talk about #September11 we tread on sacred ground. Let us continue to hold dear the memories of those we lost & honor those who rose to heroism that day.Read my full statement on twenty years since the September 11th attacks here.Twenty years later after the rubble has been cleared, the fires extinguished and our cities rebuilt Americans come together today to pray for the 3,000 beautiful souls lost to the terror attacks, honor the heroes & survivors, and reaffirm our sacred pledge to #NeverForget911The painful memories of September 11th remain forever etched in the hearts of every American, inspiring us to come together to build a more peaceful future for generations to come. Read my full statement here:Yet, the story of #September11 is also one of heroism and hope. In one of our nations darkest moments, Americans forged unity in the anguish of loss, strength in the shadow of fear and hope in the face of despair proving to the world the indomitability of the American spirit.Twenty years ago, the terror attacks on #September11 forever changed our nation and the world. We hold dear the memories of the 3,000 beautiful souls who perished in the attacks, and the families who have endured unimaginable pain, as well as honor all the heroes and survivors.Grateful to receive an honorary degree yesterday from @SmithCollege as a part of their Year on Democracies. Watch my Presidential Colloquium for this event below..@POTUS & @HouseDemocrats have created more than 4 million jobs. Now we must unlock the full economic power of every worker in America & #BuildBackBetter: More jobs. Tax cuts. Lower costs.Proud to join @RepJohnLarson & @GovNedLamont at Goodwin University to celebrate the expanded Biden #ChildTaxCredit, ahead of families receiving the third check next week. This is a recognition of how we value children, support families & honor @POTUS' vision to #BuildBackBetter.Join me live with @RepMcGovern for a press event to highlight the American Rescue Plan and the Biden #ChildTaxCredit.Join @RepJohnLarson, @GovNedLamont and me live for a press event to celebrate the expanded Biden #ChildTaxCredit.Join me live for my weekly press conference at the United States Capitol.Let us draw inspiration from Judaisms beautiful call to repair the world and build a fairer future for generations. And we remain committed to combating hatred and bigotry in all forms. I wish all people of the Jewish faith a sweet and joyful new year. Shana tovah umetukah!This holy season, Jewish families look ahead after a challenging past year including a disturbing rise in antisemitic attacks. Our nation is in awe of the strength and resilience of the Jewish people.#RoshHashanah offers an opportunity for millions of Jewish families to rejoice with loved ones and reflect on the blessings of the past year. As the celebration of the High Holy Days begins, Congress joins all Americans in wishing our Jewish communities health and happiness.As we observe #LaborDay, we remember a titan of labor: Richard Trumka. Richard dedicated his life to the labor movement, and in doing so, lifted up all working Americans.As our nation emerges from this crisis, Democrats will not relent in our fight to build an economy that works for everyone, so that every child may have the means to pursue their American Dream. Read my full statement here:The many victories secured by the heroes of organized labor helped forge the middle class and continue to benefit every family. Democrats are proud to stand with unions & we are leading the charge in the Congress to deliver critical benefits and protections for American workers.On #LaborDay our nation honors all hard-working Americans, who are the backbone of our economy, & the labor unions that empower them to reach their fullest potential. Working people joining together in a union have been one of the greatest forces for progress in American history.With @POTUS vision to #BuildBackBetter, Democrats are giving leverage not to the rich, but to the children of America and their families. Were working on historic legislation that will help meet their needs.Congressional Democrats and President Biden will #BuildBackBetter with more jobs, cut taxes and lower costs for all. Read my full statement here:Todays job report is further evidence of the need to #BuildBackBetter for our economy. As the delta variant continues, decisive action is needed to ensure that the economic gains forged under @POTUS including four million jobs created are sustained and shared by all.Join me live with Rep. Doggett in Austin to highlight Democrats priorities in the forthcoming #BuildBackBetter Act that will lower health care costs.Read My Full Statement on Supreme Court Shadow Ruling on Texas Reproductive Rights Case here:When the Supreme Court takes up its reproductive rights case this year, we urge it to uphold, as Justice Sotomayor wrote in her dissent, its constitutional obligations to protect not only the rights of women, but also the sanctity of its precedents and of the rule of law.Every woman has the constitutional right to basic health care. SB8 is the most extreme, dangerous abortion ban in half a century & its purpose is to destroy Roe v. Wade, and even refuses to make exceptions for cases of rape and incest. This ban necessitates codifying Roe v. Wade.The Courts cowardly decision to uphold a flagrantly unconstitutional assault on womens rights and health is staggering.The House will bring up Congresswoman Judy Chus Womens Health Protection Act to enshrine into law reproductive health care for all women across America.As COVID continues to take a toll on mental health, we must do more to treat addiction, end the stigma & advance equity in access to care. Congress remains committed, in a bipartisan way, to helping every American achieve recovery so that they may reach their fullest potential.As we mark the first day of #NationalRecoveryMonth today, Congress stands with all who struggle with substance use disorders & we celebrate the millions who fought hard to achieve recovery. We also honor the many we have sadly lost to this epidemic.Every woman, everywhere has the constitutional and moral right to basic reproductive health care. We will fight SB8 and all immoral and dangerous attacks on womens health and freedoms with all our strength.SCOTUSs failure to block #SB8 has delivered catastrophe to women in Texas. This radical law is an all out effort to erase the rights and protections of Roe v Wade.Democrats are committed to the #BuildBackBetter agenda so that we help women return to the workplace and ensure that their families and children are cared for. Children learning, parents earning.The Congress will continue to work closely with @POTUS and the Admin, as we are briefed regularly and work to address the security and humanitarian challenges that remain for evacuees and those who wish to be evacuated. We pray for the people of Afghanistan and in the region.As we honor the heroism of the fallen, we salute each member of our military, intelligence and diplomatic communities who conducted this evacuation, which is the largest and most successful airlift in U.S. history.Congress joins @POTUS in solemn prayer for every life lost.We are united in prayer for the thirteen U.S. servicemembers killed last Thursday as they helped bring over 124,000 Americans, allies and Afghan partners to safety, an act of profound valor, selflessness and sacrifice.Today, America and the world observe a milestone of solemnity: the end of the twenty-year war in Afghanistan. I commend @POTUS for his steadfast leadership in ending a forever war. Too many men and women in uniform and their families have had to bear the burden of this conflict.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol and in my district with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.58 years after the #MarchOnWashington, Americans are marching again today for our democracy. With state laws disenfranchising voters and making it harder to vote, we need the Senate to pass the For the People Act and the House-passed John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act!Across the country, state lawmakers like those in Texas are systematically disenfranchising voters by making it harder to vote. Now more than ever we need the For The People Act and the recently House-passed John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act to #RestoreTheVote.This week, the House passed H.R. 4, the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act to restore the power of the Voting Rights Act. In America, the right to vote must never, ever be compromised. Proud to stand with @RepTerriSewell and House Democrats in fighting #ForThePeople.Today, I ordered flags at the U.S. Capitol to be flown at half-staff in honor of the U.S. Servicemembers & others killed in the terrorist attack outside of the Kabul airport. Congress & the Country pray for the innocent lives lost, those injured & the families of all affected.As we pray for the lives lost, the many injured and their families, Congress and the Country are grateful to our military, diplomatic and intelligence communities for their courage and patriotism. Read my full statement here:As we work with the Biden Admin to bring stability to the situation, Congress must continue to be kept closely informed, which is why I have requested the Executive Branch continue to brief Members. Our Committees of Jurisdiction will continue to hold briefings on Afghanistan.Since the end of July, over 100,000 people have been evacuated from Afghanistan with assistance of the US military & allied forces. As we continue this process, Congress, on a bipartisan basis, remains deeply concerned about the security and humanitarian situation in Afghanistan.The United States House of Representatives strongly condemns the heinous terrorist attack outside Kabul airport. We mourn the loss of every innocent life taken, and we join every American in heartbreak over the deaths of the servicemembers killed.Join me live in San Francisco with Mayor London Breed, elected officials and community leaders to commemorate Womens Equality Day.Proud to meet with religious leaders & @UniteThePoor yesterday at the Capitol. I came to Congress for our children. No child should ever go to sleep hungry.Thanks to @POTUS, we have a transformative opportunity to #BuildBackBetter foreveryfamily.Today, and every day, let us summon the suffragists spirit of hope and strive to lift up the voices of women across the nation because we know this truth: when women succeed, America succeeds. Read my full statement here:Despite progress, women across the nation still face barriers to full equality: from shameful pay disparities to the unfair economic impacts of the pandemic to the brazen assault on the right to vote. At this moment, Democrats are committed to Building Back Better with Women.We also remember the many heroic women of color, too often unsung, who carried on the fight for decades more to overcome discrimination and injustice to win fair access to the ballot for every community.More than a century ago, after generations of marching and fighting, courageous suffragists finally won full and equal citizenship and representation in our democracy with the adoption of the 19th Amendment. We honor those who moved our nation closer toward full equality for all.Honored to speak with Israeli PM @naftalibennett today. We discussed the importance of our nations unbreakable bond. Support for Israel is & will always be bipartisan in Congress. I expressed to the PM the hope for a two-state solution & commended his leadership fighting COVID.Join Leaders of the Poor Peoples Campaign, religious leaders and me live for a press event on key issues #ForThePeople, such as voting rights, the minimum wage and infrastructure.Join me live for my weekly press conference at the United States Capitol.Join Congresswoman Terri Sewell, House Democrats and me live for a press event highlighting H.R. 4, the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, to restore the power of the Voting Rights Act and protect the right to vote.For those reluctant to get vaccinated, this long-awaited approval reflects the extraordinary rigor and scrutiny that FDA has applied in reviewing millions of cases to ensure that this vaccine is safe.Daily, we are seeing the tragedy of unvaccinated Americans struggling to breathe in hospital beds, sending heartbreaking messages to their loved ones to get vaccinated before its too late. Vaccines are the best way to protect ourselves, those in our care, schools & workplaces.The FDAs full approval of a coronavirus vaccine shows Americans can have full confidence in the safety and effectiveness of a vaccine that has been painstakingly studied and reviewed. With the leadership of @POTUS, free, safe and effective vaccines are available across America.Congratulations @LizShuler on your historic election to lead @AFLCIO! House Democrats look forward to continuing our partnership with you to #BuildBackBetter, lift up diversity in the workplace and create millions of good-paying, sustainable jobs for all!House Committee Chairs were joined by members of the House Democratic Leadership in commending President Biden for the boldness of his vision and his determination to pass legislation. Todays meeting was marked by a determination to produce results and soon.Today, @POTUS met with the Chairs of the House Committees that will write the reconciliation bill. All agreed that we have an historic opportunity for transformational change #ForThePeople. The President expressed his appreciation for the Committees work to Build Back Better.Once again, Capitol Police, FBI and other law enforcement dealt with a potential threat to the Capitol Hill community. The immense gratitude of the Congress is with all law enforcement officers who today & all days sacrifice to keep the Capitol Complex & those within it safe.Proud to join Dr. Susan Ehrlich, @IMAKglobal and @CoveredCA at San Francisco General Hospital yesterday to discuss Democrats efforts to lower health care costs #ForThePeople. Quality, affordable health care must be a right, not a privilege.Join me live at the San Francisco General Hospital to discuss Democrats efforts to lower health care costs #ForThePeople.With Congresswoman @RepTerriSewell and Judiciary Committee Chairman @RepJerryNadlers leadership, Democrats are fighting back against an anti-democratic tide and protecting access to the ballot box for every American.Read my full statement here:With the attack on the franchise escalating and states beginning the process of redistricting, we must act. When the House returnson August 23rd, Democrats plan to pass H.R. 4 and we hope it can secure the bipartisan support this vital legislation deserves.The House today is taking a momentous step to secure the sacred right to vote for generations to come. With the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, @HouseDemocrats are fighting back against an anti-democratic tide & protecting access to the ballot box for every American.As Democrats continue to advance our #BuildBackBetter agenda, we will fight to ensure that every child has enough healthy and nutritious food to eat so that they may reach their fullest potential. Read my full statement here:Thanks to @POTUS, struggling families across the nation will soon see a permanent increase to their monthly SNAP benefits for the first time ever. This action, which was directed by Congress in 2018, will help parents afford enough healthy food to feed their families.Jims extraordinary life will always serve as a beacon of hope and promise for LGBTQ children across our country and around the world. Read my full statement here:Paul and I are heartbroken at the loss of our friend. I was honored to officiate at the wedding of Jim and his dear husband Michael. May it be a comfort to his family that so many mourn their loss and pray for them at this sad time.Jim made history as the first openly gay U.S. Ambassador, paving the way for a new generation of leaders and elevating the voices of LGBTQ voices in our foreign policy. He had the courage to be a pioneer & the patriotism to accept the challenge.It is with the deepest sadness and the greatest appreciation for his unsurpassed contributions to our country and society that we mourn the passing of Ambassador Hormel. We will dearly miss him in San Francisco, in our nation and around the world.Congress shares the President's concern for Afghans who have assisted U.S. efforts in country. Most of all, we join the President in acknowledging the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform and their families. Read my full statement here:The U.S., the international community and the Afghan government must do everything we can to protect women and girls from inhumane treatment by the Taliban. As we strive to assist them, we must recognize that their voices are important and respect their culture.The President is to be commended for the clarity of purpose of his statement on Afghanistan and his action. The Taliban must know the world is watching its actions. We are concerned about reports regarding the Talibans brutal treatment of all Afghans, especially women and girls.The United States continues to stand with the people of Haiti during this sad time and mourn for the lives lost to this disaster. The Congress applauds @POTUS actions to assist Haiti, and we call on the international community join us to marshal a robust global response.The Congress joins all those who are praying for the people of Haiti in the wake of a devastating earthquake this morning. Our thoughts are with all families affected by this heartbreaking disaster, especially those who have lost or are still missing loved ones.As we advance Democrats #BuildBackBetter Agenda, the House remains committed to realizing the totality of @POTUS' vision: more jobs, greater tax cuts & lower health costs for working families. My statement:Every American deserves to retire with dignity and security. For 86 years, Social Security has stood as a pillar of economic security, offering peace of mind to millions of hard-working Americans.Proud to join@RepMaxineWatersand American families at Ethel Bradley Early Education Center to discuss how @POTUS' #ChildTaxCredit is working #ForThePeople. Today, the next round of checks were sent to families.Join @RepMaxineWaters, families and me live for a press conference on the Biden #ChildTaxCredit in Los Angeles.The House will continue to investigate the former Presidents opaque financial dealings & craft legislation to prevent presidential misconduct - including conflicts of interest that could undermine national security.Todays ruling in Trump v. Mazars is a victory for the rule of law, our Constitution & Democracy itself. I am pleased the courts have, once again, reaffirmed the authority of Congress to conduct oversight & consider legislation #ForThePeople.Join local San Francisco community leaders and me live for a press event highlighting the emergency rental assistance available to help protect renters and landlords.The House will continue to work with the Senate to ensure that our priorities For The People are included in the final infrastructure and reconciliation packages, in a way that is resilient and will #BuildBackBetter. Read my full statement here:Today is a day of progress, as the Senate has passed the bipartisan infrastructure package & paved the way for not only rebuilding but reimagining our infrastructure for the 21st Century. The leadership of @POTUS has seized this once-in-a-century opportunity to #BuildBackBetter.The House continues to work closely with the Senate on Reconciliation. Democrats are committed to bold action that makes a difference #ForThePeople. Read my full statement here:Today, the Senate Budget Committee has introduced a transformative budget resolution that will achieve the vision of @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats to #BuildBackBetter, by expanding opportunity, prosperity and justice For The People.The @IPCC_CH shows the undeniable truth: the #ClimateCrisis has reached Code Red for humanity. Bold, immediate climate action is an essential part of @POTUS & Congressional Democrats #BuildBackBetter Agenda and will help prevent a catastrophic future for our children.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Paid leave is about parents, its about children and its about time! Proud to join the #CareCantWait coalition to fight for #PaidLeaveForAll. With Democrats Build Back Better agenda, well fight for this vital benefit & get parents earning & children learning.The Biden Economy is working! Paychecks are growing at strongest rate in 15 yrs, poverty is set to be cut in half & the economy is growing at fastest pace in 40 yrs. Now, we will build on the momentum by investing in families: more jobs, cut taxes, lower costs. #BuildBackBetterHonored to welcome the new Ambassador, Mariangela Zappia of Italy, to the U.S. Capitol this week to discuss the new position, continuing the strong bonds between the US & Italy, working together on COVID response and recovery, advancing security and addressing the climate crisis.Read My Full Statement on the New Congressional Report Providing Robust Support for Strengthened Voting Rights Act:As Americans today celebrate the 56th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, which stood for decades as a vanguard of freedom, anti-democratic forces continue to wage an assault on the franchise. We must combat & prevent brazen voter suppression & secure the sacred right to vote.Report from @HouseAdm_Dems proves what we already know: voters of color across the country are being silenced by partisan forces. Congress has the ironclad Constitutional mandate to strengthen the Voting Rights Act with #HR4. The House will soon act to advance this legislationThanks to @POTUS, the pause on federal student loan payments is now extended through January 2022! Im pleased he took this necessary action, which will deliver vital relief to students & working families across the country as Democrats continue our work to #BuildBackBetterNow, we must sustain this growth and ensure that all can share in its benefits. Congressional Democrats and President Biden willcontinue toBuild Back Better with more jobs, cut taxes and lower costs for all. Read my full statement here:Todays jobs report is decisive proof Democrats #BuildBackBetter economy is working. Under @POTUS & the Democratic Majorities in Congress, millions of good-paying jobs have been created, paychecks are surging&the economy is growing at the fastest rate in nearly forty years.Today, on the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, which has secured the right to vote for so many, let us recommit ourselves to advancing the #ForThePeople Act and HR4, bills necessary to ensuring we have free and fair elections for generations to come.The Texas State Democrats captured the countrys attention with their devotion to our most sacred democratic right: the vote. Not only did their actions stop the TX GOPs anti-voter bill, their advocacy has moved us closer to passing federal voting rights legislation.Join me live for my weekly press conference!Yesterday, I proudly joined @RepWexton & @EleanorNorton to sign legislation awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to the Capitol and Metro Police Forces who defended the Capitol & our Democracy on #January6th. This historic legislation honors their service and their sacrifice.Richard Trumkas life was a testament to the power of organizing and mobilizing for progress, and his leadership leaves a legacy of inspired advocacy for workers.  Read my full statement here:Richard dedicated his life to the labor movement & the right to organize, and his leadership transcended a single movement, as he fought with principle and persistence to defend the dignity of every person.  His courage in speaking truth to power made a difference for millions.The Congress & Country are shocked and heartbroken by the passing of an unsurpassed titan of labor: Richard Trumka.  Personally and officially, I am greatly saddened by his passing, which is a great loss for the men and women of labor, and indeed, for all hard-working Americans.The GOP already voted to block funding for local police departments, but last week they fully turned their back on law enforcement - picking violent insurrectionists over the heroic officers who protected them on January 6th.Join live for a bill enrollment ceremony for H.R. 3325, to award congressional gold medals to the United States Capitol Police and those who protected the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021.Join Democratic Members of Congress, community leaders and me live with the Paid Leave For All bus tour! #CareCantWaitWishing a very Happy 60th Birthday to President @BarackObama!This brand new moratorium will provide time for the money allocated by Congress to flow, as it helps stop the spread of the virus. I am especially pleased about what this means to the children who have had uncertainty about their housing, their health and their education.Today is a day of extraordinary relief. Thanks to the leadership of @POTUS the imminent fear of eviction and being put out on the street has been lifted for countless families. Help is Here! Democrats have worked tirelessly for this action, which is based on public health needs.Dems stand ready to work with the Admin as they search for ways to extend the moratorium and as they urge states and localities to spend the $46.5 billion Congress allocated. Our sole focus must be keeping people housed and we must do so with the urgency this moment deserves.I am pleased to salute @RepMaxineWaters for her leadership in proposing and fighting for the moratorium and the funding for tenants and landlords. I also salute @RepCori for her powerful action to keep people in their homes. All Democrats know that inaction is not an option.The crisis of families being evicted is a challenge to the conscience of the country, and Democrats commitment to immediately helping renters and landlords is a priority that unites our Caucus. @HouseDemocrats have galvanized a national movement around the eviction emergency.On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I send condolences to the family, colleagues & loved ones of Officer DeFraytag. May it be a comfort to Officer DeFreytags loved ones that America knows of his heroism, and that so many mourn with and pray for them at this sad time.As we grieve Officer DeFreytags passing, the Congress conveys our gratitude to every law enforcement hero who, like Officer DeFreytag, sacrificed to keep the Capitol and all within safe and who continue to serve our nation during this difficult time.The Congressional community and Country are heartbroken by the death of Metropolitan Police Department Kyle DeFreytag, a patriot who protected the Capitolon January 6th.The loss of fallen officers who defended our democracy that day is devastating & each life lost is a tragedy.The sentencing of humanitarian aid worker Abdulrahman al-Sadhan in April was a grave injustice, continuing Saudi Arabias assault on freedom of expression. Congress will closely monitor Abdulrahmans appeal hearing tomorrow, as well as all human rights abuses by the regime.Enough is enough: today, and every day, we urge our Republican colleagues to join us to enact commonsense, bipartisan gun violence solutions that will end the bloodshed and ensure a safer, brighter future for our children. Read my full statement here:Drawing strength from survivors & loved ones across the nation, @HouseDemocrats will never relent in the fight to end the epidemic of gun violence & combat the evils of bigotry & hate. Too many families across the nation have been forced to endure the horrors of gun violence.2 years ago, a brutal massacre against the Latino community in El Paso stole 23 beautiful souls, injured dozens more & shocked the nation. This hateful act left Americans horrified & heartbroken, & on this day, we pray for El Paso & all communities torn apart by of gun violence.All Americans are indebted to him for his great valor and patriotismon January 6th& throughout his selfless service. May his life be an inspiration to all to protect our Country & Democracy. And may it be a comfort to his family that so many mourn their loss at this sad time.On behalf of the House of Representatives, I send deepest condolences to the family and loved ones of Metropolitan Police Department Officer Gunther Hashida. Officer Hashida was a hero, who risked his life to save our Capitol, the Congressional community and our very Democracy.Congratulations to San Franciscan @AMassialas, his teammate originally from SF @GerekMeinhardt and the entire Mens Fencing Team for winning Bronze at the @Olympics #Tokyo2020! For these two fencing is a family affair! Let's support @TeamUSA as they compete on the world stage.The virus is still a threat. The moratorium must be extended & the funds Congress allocated to assist renters & landlords must be spent. An extension of the moratorium is based on public health & delta. It will also give time to allow the money that Congress allocated to flow.House leadership is calling on the Admin to immediately extend the moratorium. As the CDC doubles down on mask-wearing and vaccination efforts, science and reason demand that they must also extend the moratorium in light of the delta variant.Doing so is a moral imperative.On Thursday, @POTUS asked Congress to pass an extension of the eviction moratorium. Sadly, it's clear the Senate is not able to do so & any legislation in the House, therefore, won't be sufficient to extend the moratorium. Action is needed & it must come from the Administration.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.See a behind-the-scenes view of the first hearing of the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol on Madam Speaker.It is a moral imperative to keep people from being put out in the street which also contributes to the public health emergency.  The virus is still a threat, the moratorium must be extended and the funds Congress allocated to assist renters and landlords must be spent.The CDC has the power to extend the eviction moratorium. As they double down on masks, why wouldn't they extend the moratorium in light of delta variant?Strengthening the CDC and our public health infrastructure so that we are better prepared for future pandemics is a top priority for Democrats to help us #BuildBackBetter.Democrats believe in safe and affordable housing for all as the country recovers from the pandemic and we #BuildBackBetter. The Biden-Harris Admin and @HouseDemocrats will continue to search for solutions to protect vulnerable renters from eviction during this crisis.In the face of this partisan obstruction, @HouseDemocrats join @POTUS in urging state and local governments to immediately disburse the $46.5 billion in emergency rental assistance approved by the Democratic Congress, so that many families can avoid eviction.Ensuring every American has a roof overhead is a value that unites the Democratic Party. That's why I led a relentless campaign to extend the CDC eviction moratorium. In an act of pure cruelty, Republicans blocked this measure leaving children and families out on the streets.The Democrats #BuildBackBetter agenda will tackle our most persistent economic challenges: like rebuilding Americas transportation infrastructure, revitalizing American manufacturing & reducing the cost & increasing the availability of quality, affordable child care & educationThis weeks appropriations bills will take America into the future, setting us on the course for a clean, affordable and secure energy future by investing over $14 billion in clean energy and science, which will create tens of thousands of good-paying green jobs. #BuildBackBetterToday, I was proud to sign the Emergency Security Supplemental to Respond to #January6th Appropriations Act. This legislation brings resources to strengthen the Capitol, support our Capitol Police & protect our Congressional community.The Houses appropriations bills this week make important investments in veterans health care, including womens health care & mental health, provide increased funding for military & VA infrastructure and ensure vets receive the benefits they deserve in a timely manner.Thanks to @HouseDemocrats, our government funding bills will create millions of good-paying American jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, including airports, highways, transit, rail and port systems.#BuildBackBetterAccess to former President Trumps tax returns is a matter of national security. The American people deserve to know the facts of his conflicts of interest and undermining of our security and democracy as president.  The House will always fight to expose the truth #ForThePeople.The Biden Admin has delivered a victory for the rule of law as it respects the public interest by complying w/ Chairman Neals request for Donald Trumps tax returns. I applaud Chairman Neal for his dignified pursuit of the truth & the Biden Admin DOJ for its respect for the law.Join @HouseDemocrats and me live for a bill enrollment photo opportunity for the Emergency Security Supplemental to Respond to #January6th Appropriations Act. We must protect the Capitol and Congressional community.Strengthening the health of all our families is a key part of Democrats #BuildBackBetter agenda. The Biden-Harris Administration and @HouseDemocrats are proud to fight for the health, financial security and well-being of families across America.56 years ago, our nation made a promise to our seniors & working families: that they deserve the dignity & security of quality, affordable health care. Today, Medicare & Medicaid stand as pillars of health & justice, ensuring that millions of Americans receive the care they need.Join members of House Democratic Leadership and me LIVE as we highlight Democratic achievements #ForThePeople in the 117th Congress and discuss @HouseDemocrats legislative agenda for the remainder of the year.Carl Levins love for his family was legendary and a joy for all to behold.  Read my full statement here:In his fifty years serving the people of Michigan, Senator Levin was revered in the Congress and Country for his commitment to the public good.  He was a leader committed to justice and accountability. His respect for the dignity of all people embodied the best of America.Join me live at the United States Capitol for the ceremonial swearing-in ofCongressman-elect Jake EllzeyofTexass 6th District.Honored to welcome His Excellency Mustafa Al-Kadhimi, Prime Minister of the Republic of Iraq ahead of a bipartisan meeting yesterday. We discussed our close partnership, upcoming Iraqi elections, & advancing security, health, economic development, governance & climate priorities.The middle class and those who aspire to it are the backbone of our democracy. When we lift up working families, we strengthen our democracy. The @FairGrowthCmte will address the root causes of inequality and ensure our economy works for all Americans.Today, I joined the @FairGrowthCmte for their first hearing. Economic inequality, which has been growing for years, has intensified. The widening chasm between CEO compensation & worker pay has gone from unfair to immoral. We must study & combat this crisis.Today, the Biden Administration has again reaffirmed this truth: that Democrats will always fight on the side of working Americans. @HouseDemocrats and @POTUS are committed to standing with workers, and we will continue to fight for our pro-worker agenda..@RepDerekKilmer and the @ModernizeCmte continue to lead the way on making Congress work better #ForThePeople through bipartisan solutions, including 20 new measures to increase accessibility, improve internship offerings and bolster staff capacity..@HouseDemocrats believe that we should invest in what we value as a nation. We are investing in the American people, American economy and our American values of opportunity, prosperity and justice for all. #BuildBackBetterJoin me live with @FairGrowthCmte and economic experts for the first hearing for the new Select Committee on Economic Disparity and Fairness in Growth.Proud to join the League of Conservation Voters, Senator Schumer, House & Senate Democrats and advocates to highlight the importance of investing in climate, jobs and justice. We must meet the existential threat of the climate crisis with bold action.Yesterday, @VetAffairsDems and I heard from the veteran services community about many important priorities, including bolstering equitable VA infrastructure & addressing toxic exposure. We remain steadfast in our commitment to support our veterans, their families and caregivers.Join me live with His Excellency Mustafa Al-Kadhimi, Prime Minister of the Republic of Iraq ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference!Join my colleagues, League of Conservation Voters, Climate Power & me LIVE as we call for transformational climate action to cut our emissions, create jobs and advance justice.Six months after the January 6th insurrection, America faces an extraordinary challenge to the fate of our Democracy We have the duty to find the truth and to ensure that such an assault on our Democracy cannot again happen.Today, the bipartisan Select Committee to Investigate the #January6th Attack on the U.S. Capitol held its first hearing. Deeply grateful to Officers Harry Dunn, Aquilino Gonell, Michael Fanone and Daniel Hodges for the heroism that day and their courage today. Each is a hero.Those who fanned the flames of insurrection must be held accountable. Many senior GOP officials abused their power, spewing lie after lie, trying to overthrow American democracy. The bipartisan @January6thCmte will find the truth.On #January6th, in the face of unimaginable danger, our law enforcement officers stepped up to protect and defend our democracy. Their patriotic sacrifice demands we find the truth.Many Republicans are trying to downplay the January 6th Insurrection. The bipartisan @January6thCmte will listen to the voices of our heroes in law enforcement and expose the truth of that deadly attack on our democracy.The lies that @GOPLeader & many House Republicans spread fueled the insurrection. Their efforts to rewrite history insult the brave officers who put their lives on the line to defend democracy. The bipartisan @January6thCmte will honor our heroes by finding the truth.The seriousness of the #January6th assault must not be minimized. The bipartisan @January6thCmte will pursue the truth. Efforts by some Republicans to deny justice and accountability are an insult to the brave officers who risked their lives that day..@GOPLeader & too many House Republicans continue to disrespect law enforcement & dismiss their heroism at the #January6th insurrection. House GOP denial of history threatens our officers & Constitution. The bipartisan @January6thCmte will find the truth & stand by our heroes.From Anchorage to Austin, the Biden #ChildTaxCredit has been transformative for American families & the American economy. @POTUS's Build Back Better economy means: more jobs, cut taxes, lower costs!As our nation Builds Back Better, it is essential that we work to remove barriers and expand possibilities in every community so that people living with a disability can take advantage of every opportunity our nation has to offer.  Read my full statement:For more than three decades, the Americans with Disabilities Act has stood as a beacon of equality and opportunity. This landmark lawempowers the 55 million Americans living with a disability to reach their full potential, free from the injustice of discrimination or exclusion.Its Congresss duty to the Constitution to find the truth of the insurrection & to ensure such an assault on our Democracy cant happen again. The January 6th Committee will find the facts in a way that has the confidence of the American people: w/ bipartisanship & patriotism.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Honored to welcome His Majesty King Abdullah of Jordan back to the U.S. Capitol &welcome Her Majesty Queen Rania & His Royal Highness Crown Prince Al Hussein bin Abdullah II before abipartisan meeting. As House Speaker,I take pride inAmerica's relationship with His Majesty.The Crimes Victims Fund is a lifeline serving millions of victims & survivors, including children. Thats why Congress passed legislation to prevent future cuts to this program & deliver immediate relief to those in need. Yesterday we sent this vital bill to @POTUS to become law.Join me live with His Majesty King Abdullah II ibn Al Hussein, King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for myweeklypressconference.Democrats remain committed to fighting back on behalf of consumers & families. As we work to #BuildBackBetter, we must protect & advance the financial security of every American so that we may build a brighter future with equity & opportunity for all.For more than a decade Dodd-Frank has stood as a pillar of Democrats leadership to protect families financial security. After reckless actions by predatory lenders & Wall Street ignited the Great Recession, Democrats delivered an historic transformation of our financial system.Join @HouseDemocrats & me live for a bill enrollment ceremony for the VOCA Fix to Sustain the Crime Victims Fund Act of 2021, legislation that supports victim service programs by preventing future cuts to already diminished federal victim service grants.The violent domestic attack on Congresson #January6thwas the worst assault on the Capitol since the War of 1812 & the worst domestic assault on American Democracy since the Civil War. The future of our democracy is on the line. Read My Full Statement:Delivering life-changing benefits for 35 million families nationwide & cutting child poverty in half, the Biden #ChildTaxCredit puts women & families first. We will keep fighting to make this expansion permanent as it is both an economic & a moral imperative to Build Back Better.Proud to join @SenSchumer, @HouseDPCC and Senate DPCC Chairs and @MomsRisingtoshare stories of what the historic tax relief from @POTUS #ChildTaxCredit means to working families.Join my colleagues and me live with moms helped by @POTUS #ChildTaxCredit!The Biden #ChildTaxCredit will NOT affect:  SNAP benefits Medicaid TANF Cash Assistance SSI or other public benefits  Wondering if you qualify? Use this toolSee what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol and in my travels with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.John Lewis was a warrior for freedom who helped transform America w/ his courage, patriotism & goodness. As the USNS John Lewis sets sail, may this beautiful ship be a beacon of strength & inspiration as we carry on Johns life mission: to pursue a more perfect union #GoodTroubleJoin live for a Christening Ceremony of the USNS John Lewis honoring the late Congressman John Lewis of Georgia, one year after the Congressmans passing.Democrats call on Republicans in Congress to join us in respecting the will of the American people and the law, to ensure that Dreamers have a permanent path to citizenship.  Read my full statement here:Todays wrongly-decided ruling brazenly flouts the law & precedent, as it casts a cloud of fear & uncertainty around #Dreamers, who are a pride of our nation. Democrats will continue to press for any & all paths to ensure that the Dream & Promise Act becomes the law of the land.Voting rights are essential to who we are as Americans, to the cause of equality & the strength of our democracy. Congress has a responsibility #ForThePeople to remove voting obstacles, ensure every citizen has the right to vote & to ensure every vote is counted as cast. #HR1Join me live with @RepJimmyGomez, @BarrioAction and Members of Congress as we raise awareness of the American Rescue Plans life-changing expanded Child Tax Credit payments, which families across the country start receiving today!Congressional Democrats and the Biden Administration are For The People: strengthening the health, financial security and well-being of families across America.  Read my full statement here:Thanks to the strong leadership of @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats,TWO MILLIONmore Americans have now enrolled in the Affordable Care Acts life-saving, affordable health coverage, including many who have lost coverage through no fault of their own during this pandemic.We want the economy to work for all Americans. No parent should have to stay home and miss a paycheck just because they cant afford care for a loved one.Honored to speak at @NACoTweets 2021 Annual Conference. We discussed the power of counties in advancing progress for communities & advocating for green infrastructure in a bipartisan way. On behalf of Congress, I thanked county officials for their leadership during the pandemic.Investing in our infrastructure will create millions of good-paying jobs to ensure Americas global competitiveness for the 21st Century. #BuildBackBetterIf we're going to #BuildBackBetter, we have to Build Back Better with women. And we have an obligation to our children to have a greener infrastructure bill. We cannot move forward if we are stuck in the past.Honored to host Eric Adams at the Capitol today to discuss @HouseDemocrats actions to curb the daily tragedy of gun violence in America.Democrats American Rescue Plan is helping our nation recover, but our work isnt finished. We must continue to take strong action to #BuildBackBetter to unleash the full potential of Americas workers and families.The call for freedom and basic rights by the people of Cuba peacefully taking to the streets and marching is an act of great courage. I support the Cuban people in their pursuit of liberty and condemn any violence or targeting of those exercising their rights.To #BuildBackBetter, we must invest in the foundation of Americas strength: workers, families and the middle class.The pandemic has eroded more than 30 years of progress in womens labor force participation. As we rebuild our communities and our economy, we must lift up women and families. #BuildBackBetterAmerican infrastructure should be second to none. Yet, - Our roads, bridges & water systems are crumbling - Our electric grid is vulnerable to outages - Too many lack access to affordable, high-speed Internet We must #BuildBackBetterMay the USNS John Lewis remind all who see it of the goodness and courage of John Lewis, and may it be an inspiration as we seek to carry on his mission: to build a future of liberty and justice for all. Read my full statement here:I am deeply honored to lead a Congressional delegation of many friends of our beloved late Congressman John Lewis to honor his beautiful and saintly life. With the christening of the USNS John Lewis, America is honoring John Lewiss life and leadership with a fitting tribute.When low wage workers bring home more money to their families, economic growth will come from the bottom up and the middle out to #BuildBackBetter, stronger.Congress joins President Biden, Americans & the people of Haiti in horror over the assassination of President Jovenel Mose & attack on First Lady Martine Mose. We condemn this barbaric act & we stand ready to provide support & assistance to Haiti during this challenging time.Under @POTUS Biden and @HouseDemocrats leadership, the economy has created over 3 million jobs over the last six months - that's ~567,000 jobs per month! #BuildBackBetterAnd it is an opportunity for all people to recommit to ensuring the Tibetan people can practice their religion, speak their language and celebrate their culture freely without interference or intimidation from Beijing. May his birthday bring happiness, health and security to all.It is an honor to join the Tibetan people and so many friends of Tibet to send warm birthday wishes to His Holiness The @DalaiLama. This is a beautiful opportunity to celebrate His Holiness and the message of hope and spiritual guidance that he has shared with the world.The American Rescue Plan is helping #BuildBackBetter with American workers. Workers in the frontline industries hardest hit by the pandemic are finally seeing long-overdue pay raises, which is powering economic growth!The success of the American Rescue Plan has given Americans the confidence to travel across the country to visit loved ones, helping #BuildBackBetter by stimulating the tourism economy.Today, we gloriously observe the #FourthOfJuly, celebrating the birth of our democracy and the blessings of liberty bestowed upon our country. Let us recognize the vision of our Founders, always honoring their guidance, E Pluribus Unum: from many, one.The@DemWomenCaucusis relentless & persistent on behalf of America's working families. We wont be finished until we do what we are responsible to do for our children, for their families, for their caregivers. When women succeed, America succeeds. #CareEconomy.@POTUS Families Plan will make an historic difference for families and for the economy, ensuring that children can get the care and education they need to thrive & helping parents return to the workforce to power Americas economy and competitiveness. #BuildBackBetterDemocrats remain committed to not only safeguarding but strengthening civil rights. In this fight, let us vow to never relent until every American can enjoy the promise and protection of our founding creed: that all are created equal.  Read my statement:While Civil Rights Act represents progress our march toward a more perfect union remains unfinished. The right to vote is inseparably linked to the defense of our civil rights. That's why Congress is continuing the fight to pass HR1, HR4, Equality Act, Justice in Policing & more.For 57 years, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 has stood as a pillar of our democracy. With this landmark legislation, our nation took a monumental step toward living up to our fundamental ideals of freedom and liberty for every American.Now that the House passed our infrastructure package which follows the vision of the Jobs Plan, @HouseDemocrats are working together on bills that meet the needs of the American people, including w/ the American Families Plan. Read my full statement here:Today's jobs numbers send a resounding message: thanks to @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, America is roaring back. By putting vaccines in arms and money in workers pockets, Democrats are leading an historic economic recovery, with more jobs and higher wages across the board.Every dollar invested in high-quality early childhood initiatives generates up to $7.30 in benefits, including higher wages, better health & lower crime.These initiatives enjoy the strong support of the American people, and @HouseDemocrats are committed to making them law.As we prepare to celebrate the Fourth of July and the blessings of liberty bestowed upon our nation, all Members must recognize their responsibility to secure and save our democracy with HR1 and HR4.  Read my full statement here:The right to vote and to have a voice in the political process of every American is the foundation of our American Democracy. Sadly, the Supreme Court has handed down two rulings today that undermine our democracy. The solution is clear: HR1, the #ForThePeople Act, and HR4.The Select Committee on theJanuary 6thInsurrection will investigate and report upon the facts and causes of the terrorist mob attack on the United States Capitol on January 6, 2021.  Read more about the Select Committee here:It is clear thatJanuary 6thwas not simply an attack on a building, but on our very democracy: an attack on the peaceful transfer of power. It is imperative that we find the truth of that day and ensure that such an assault on our Capitol and Democracy cannot ever again happen.Select Committee to Investigate the January 6thon the U.S. Capitol: Chair-@BennieGThompson @RepZoeLofgren @RepAdamSchiff @RepPeteAguilar @RepLizCheney @RepStephMurphy @RepRaskin @RepElaineLuriaThe House established the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the U.S. Capitol. Today, I am proud to name Members who will patriotically honor our oath and our responsibility to the American people: to seek the truth.The House is advancing the #INVESTAct to: create good-paying jobs invest in American workers & communities tackle the climate crisis We must ensure America can out-compete any other country in the world & lay the foundation for economic growth for decades to come.Join @HouseDemocrats,@DemWomenCaucus, care advocates and me live for a press event on the #CareEconomy.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for myweeklypressconference!Investing in education, providing direct support to families & extending tax credits for working families are steps will not only improve families lives - these investments will boost productivity, grow the workforce and generate economic growth for decades to come.Today I recognize my constituent Ambassador James Hormel as a Local #Pride Hero. He made history as the first openly gay US Ambassador, showing the world how the voices of LGBTQ Americans are integral to foreign policy & paving the way for all those who followed in his footsteps.Lies fueled the violent insurrection to block election certification & the peaceful transfer of power that is the cornerstone of our democracy. Yet Republicans in Congress want to bury the truth of the attack. The Select Committee will investigate Jan. 6th & defend our democracy.Turbocharged by the #AmericanRescuePlan, weve put over 320 million vaccines in arms!Join @HouseDemocrats live ahead of passage of the INVEST in America Act, which directs federal investments in transportation, drinking water & wastewater infrastructure & re-imagines our national transportation policies while tackling the climate crisis.Proud to join Members of Congress to sign into law 3 Congressional Review Act Disapproval Resolutions to reverse damage to families health & economic security under the last administration, restore the balance of power and advance the public's interest, not special interests.Join @HouseDemocrats and me live for a bill enrollment ceremony for Congressional Review Act Disapproval Resolutions S. J. Res. 13, 14 and 15.Honored to welcome His Excellency Reuven Rivlin, President of the State of Israel, to the United States Capitol yesterday. Support for Israel has always been and will continue to be bipartisan due to our shared values and mutual security concerns.Thanks to Democrats swift and decisive action to get shots into arms, money in pockets and people back in jobs with the #AmericanRescuePlan, America is coming back stronger.Senate Republicans did Mitch McConnell a personal favor rather than their patriotic duty and voted against the bipartisan commission negotiated by Democrats and Republicans in the House. But Democrats are determined to find the truth. Read my statement:January 6th was one of the darkest days in our nations history. It's imperative we establish the truth and ensure an attack cannot again happen. The Committee will investigate & report the facts & causes of the attack and report recommendations for preventing any future assault.Sadly, there remains no prospect for additional votes from @SenateGOP to create the National Commission to Investigate the January 6th Attack on theUS Capitol. Proposed legislation to establish a Select Committee was drafted & has now been introduced & sent to @RulesDemocrats.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol withHis Excellency Reuven Rivlin, President of the State of Israel, ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.As we commemorate the extraordinary step our nation took six years ago toward our democracys founding promise of equality, let us vow to defend these hard-fought rights and advance a more just future for all.  Read my full statement here:Despite this remarkable progress, LGBTQ Americans still face barriers and bigotry in communities around the country. @HouseDemocrats are committed to enacting the Equality Act to finally secure vital protections against discrimination for our LGBTQ friends, family and neighbors.All Americans join the LGBTQ community to celebrate 6 years since marriage equality was unequivocally declared the law of the land. The decision transformed the lives of LGBTQ couples affirming the right of marriage for all Americans, regardless of who you are or whom you love.Congress joins the Biden Administration in pledging our support to the Surfside community during this devastating time. And we join with all Americans in grieving alongside all affected.  Read my full statement here:The entire nation salutes and is praying for the first responders searching for survivors and keeping hope alive, at extraordinary personal risk.They represent the best of America, with their courage, selflessness and sheer heroism.Americas heart is broken by the unfathomable and ongoing tragedy in Surfside, Florida. We pray for the four people who have lost their lives, and we pray for the 159 people still missing, a toll of staggering scale, and for their families.Honored to welcome His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, to the Capitol of the United States. We have built a strong relationship between our two countries over the last 20 years which we look forward to deepening.Let us vow to fight always to create a more fair, just future, where the sacred right of every American to vote is secure so that we can, as John Lewis would say, redeem the soul of America. Read my full statement here:Yet, every single Senate Republican voted against even proceeding to debate on HR 1 because they know that the only way for them to win elections is to distort the rules in their favor. Congress will continue the fight to pass HR 1, which would secure the ballot for voters now.Today marks 8 years since SCOTUS handed down Shelby v. Holder: one of the most disastrous and dangerous decisions for our democracy in recent memory. @HouseDemocrats crafted and then twice passed HR 1, the #ForThePeople Act, to remedy the assault on the vote and on our democracy.One of the best ways that we can empower all students to succeed is by providing quality educational opportunities that level the playing field. The American Jobs Plan includes $20 billion to #BuildBackBetter by upgrading research and lab infrastructure at HBCUs and MSIs.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol withHis Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Despite the GOPs cowardly failure to defend our Constitution, theJan. 6thSelect Committee will investigate the truth of the desecration of the Capitol that resulted in multiple deaths, injury to over 140 law enforcement officers & terror among staff, workers & Representatives.For too long, low-income students & students of color have been left behind by our nation's education system. The American Jobs Plan includes $12 billion for community college infrastructure, so we can empower our students and #BuildBackBetter.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Listen to the stories of those who have been victimized.This is a challenge that we have and it must be addressed.We will bring this bill to the Floor. Say her name: Vanessa Guilln.Yesterday, I joined bipartisan Members of Congress for the introduction of the Vanessa Guilln Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act.It is an honor to stand with Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, who support this legislation.It's our hope that this portrait will serve as an inspiration for all to defend Title IX & build on its success, including by securing pay equity for women, ending campus sexual harassment & safeguarding every womans right to pursue a future of health, happiness & opportunity.This anniversary is an opportunity to celebrate the champion of Title IX in the Congress: our late colleague, Congresswoman Patsy Mink of Hawaii. It is my honor to announce that the House has commissioned a posthumous painting commemorating Congresswoman Minks life and service.49 years ago today, with Title IX, our nation took a transformational step toward our Founding ideals: all are equal.Title IX is the manifestation of the American values of equality and opportunity, as it reaffirms this truth: when women succeed, America succeeds.We can't expect Americans to succeed if we don't first give them the tools to do so. The American Families Plan strengthens our public education system, setting kids up for a lifetime of success & laying the groundwork for a generation of American prosperity. #BuildBackBetterJoin live to learn about the bipartisan Vanessa Guilln Military Justice Improvement & Increasing Prevention Act, which removes the prosecution of serious crimes from the chain of command & puts it in the hands of trained, independent military prosecutors.Our Democracy is in peril, and today, every single Senate Republican voted against saving it.Democrats will not be deterred in our fight for the For The People Act.Our Republic is at a crossroads, and it is up to us to save it. Read my statement here:The #ForThePeople Act is the remedy to the anti-democratic tide that is sweeping our nation. Yet, all Senate Republicans voted against even proceeding to debate on democracy reform because they know that the only way for them to win elections is to suppress the vote.Very pleased to talk with Israeli Foreign Minister @YairLapid to congratulate him on his new position and the new government. We discussed the strong relationship and shared values between our two countries.The American Jobs Plan will #BuildBackBetter by creating millions of good-paying union jobs and restoring Americas global competitiveness.Join Golden State Opportunity, parents, advocates and me as we raise awareness of the American Rescue Plans enhanced #ChildTaxCredit as part of the @POTUS Admin Day of Action to ensure all eligible families know how the Credit will benefit their families.On #FathersDay, we reflect on the contributions our fathers and father figures make every day to ensure our lives are better. May you all find time to celebrate with your family and loved ones.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.America has a sacred duty to continue to extend a hand to the worlds most vulnerable. Let us pledge to live up to our founding promise as a beacon of hope and opportunity around the world for all those yearning to breathe free.  Read my statement here:On #WorldRefugeeDay, Americans join the world in reflecting on the struggles and suffering of the more than 82 million people forced to flee their homes.Nearly half of those escaping war, persecution, human rights violations and natural disasters are innocent children.In order to create an equitable workforce, we must empower individuals to be able to care for their families without losing their paycheck. Thats why the American Jobs Plan makes transformative investments in the care economy. #BuildBackBetterThe American Families Plan contains funding to help 5+ million students attend community college while paying NO tuition and NO fees. #BuildBackBetterThis week, Congress came together to recognize #Juneteenth as a federal holiday. Let us renew our pledge to continue our march toward a more perfect union & live up to our nations founding promise of full equality for all.  Read my full statement here:#Juneteenth is a celebration of freedom for Black Americans, commemorated by millions around our nation for 156 years. This day marks a milestone in the abolition of slavery, followed by complete abolition w/ the ratification of the 13th Amendment 6 months later on December 6th.Thrilled to hear @POTUS has nominated @xochnm to serve as USDA U-S of Rural Development. In her home of Las Cruces & in Congress, Xochitl has dedicated years to advancing opportunity & prosperity, esp for our rural communities, so that all can share in the American Dream.The American Jobs Plan contains federal R&D investments at HBCUs and minority-serving institutions to establish research incubators and centers of excellence on campuses across the country. #BuildBackBetter#Juneteenth is a beautiful & proud celebration of freedom for Black Americans commemorated for 156 yrs by millions around our nation. This day reminds us of a history much stained by brutality & injustice and reminds us of our responsibility to build a future of progress for all.Well never forget how the GOP embraced a monstrous lawsuit to dismantle protections for people w/ preexisting conditions & to rip away millions of Americans health care. Democrats continue to build on the ACAs transformational progress, expanding coverage & lowering costs.LGBTQ couples have faced a long history of discrimination in public life, especially while trying to build a family. Under @HouseDemocrats & @POTUS, we will not relent until the Equality Act becomes law.  Read my full statement here:SCOTUS made clear discrimination has no place in our foster & adoption systems or anywhere in our democracy. While the decision was not a sweeping victory, Americans are proud SCOTUS affirmed LGBTQ couples have a right to welcome children in our foster system into their families.In honor of every precious life we have lost to the deadly epidemics of racism and gun violence, let us never relent in our work to build a future where all Americans can live in our communities with dignity, safety & pride.  Read my full statement here:On this solemn day, we mourn the 9 peaceful parishioners brutally murdered as they prayed at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston 6 yrs ago. The pain of this racist shooting still lingers today & reaffirms our commitment to closing the loophole that enabled the deadly hate crime.Todays Supreme Court ruling is a landmark victory for Democrats work to defend protections for people with pre-existing conditions against Republicans relentless efforts to dismantle them.  My statement:Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.Thanks to the tireless advocacy of Americans across the country and the work of Democrats in Congress, the Affordable Care Act endures as a pillar of American health and economic security alongside Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.Join @TheBlackCaucus and me live at the U.S. Capitol as we celebrate passing the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act.Our students are our future, and we must invest in their success. Thats why the American Families Plan expands access to Pell Grants, which already help 30% of students get an education. Opportunity should not be limited to those who can afford it. #BuildBackBetter#Juneteenth is one of the most momentous events in our history and has been celebrated by millions for 156 years. Thanks to tonight's bipartisan vote, it will soon be officially recognized as a federal holiday and take its place of honor in our nation.Today I enrolled HR 49, which will create the National Pulse Memorial at the site of the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida. 5 years ago, a gunman killed 49 people & wounded 53 others there. It's really important for survivors to know we are not going away until the job is done.The widening chasm between CEO compensation & worker pay has gone from unfair to immoral. The stagnation of workers pay is an historic picture of injustice. Our new Select Committee will fight to power economic growth while and ensure no one is left out or left behind.Economic inequality has been a growing concern for years one that intensified during COVID-19. The Select Committee on Economic Disparity & Fairness in Growth will study & recommend proposals to make our economy work for everyone.The gap between CEO compensation and worker pay has gone from unfair to immoral. The new Select Committee on Economic Disparity & Fairness in Growth will intervene in the increasing divide to ensure work is fairly valued and all have faith in a better future.Join @HouseDemocrats live at the U.S. Capitol as we introduce the Select Committee on Economic Disparity and Fairness in Growth.Join my colleagues and me live for a bill enrollment ceremony for H.R. 49, legislation to designate the National Pulse Memorial in Orlando, Florida.As we #BuildBackBetter, it's vital that we help women reenter the workforce. This means making child care more accessible and affordable. This means investing in workforce development programs. And this means creating millions of new good-paying jobs.Our country couldnt have been better served than by the courage of these Democratic Texas state lawmakers. Their visit to the Capitol brings us honor & Im proud to stand with them in combating actions to suppress the vote.It is essential that we pass HR 1 the #ForThePeople ActToday, Kevin McCarthy & House Republicans lined up to attack LGBTQ small businesses struggling to stay afloat during #Pride Month. Once again, its clear that no attack is too low for @HouseGOP.The Golden State reopens today with capacity limits lifted & vaccinated Californians can take off their masks in most settings! Thanks to @CAGovernor, the great state of CA is roaring back and under @LondonBreed, 80% of eligible San Franciscans have received at least 1 shot.Join Democratic Members of the Texas Legislature,theTexas Democratic Congressional Delegation& me live for a press conference onprotecting the right to vote for all Texans amid Republican-led efforts to advance harmful voter suppression legislation.Dreamers make America more American. To mark this anniversary & honor our nations heritage as a land of immigrants, @HouseDemocrats call on our GOP colleagues to join us in supporting the Dream and Promise Act so that this legislation will become the law of the land. #HomeIsHereToday, our nation celebrates 9 years of the DACA initiative, which empowers hundreds of thousands of young immigrants to pursue their American Dream. This week, we also mark one year since SCOTUS affirmed DACA & rejected the Trump Admins illegal, immoral assault on our Dreamers.The American Jobs Plan puts health and safety first sending resources to communities where the children still cannot breathe clean air or drink clean water. #BuildBackBetterThis evening, Members of Congress held a bipartisan Moment of Silence for the 600,000 American lives lost to COVID-19 at the U.S. Capitol.Get vaccinated. Save lives.Join my colleagues and me live at the U.S. Capitol for a Moment of Silence for the more than 600,000 American lives lost to COVID-19.Join me live at the United States Capitol for a ceremonial swearing-in of Congresswoman-elect Melanie Stansbury of New Mexicos 1stDistrict.We have to defend our democracy. It isn't about Democrats or Republicans. It's not about partisanship. It's about patriotism. Thats why @HouseDemocrats and @POTUS are fighting #ForThePeople.As we mark #Pride Month & Gun Violence Prevention Month, let's honor those lost by renewing our pledge to deliver effective gun safety legislation. We must not relent until every American can learn, work, pray & spend time w loved ones free of gun violenceAs we mark 5 years since the shooting at Pulse, Americans join Orlando & the LGBTQ community to honor the 49 beautiful souls senselessly murdered while simply enjoying a night of dancing & celebration. Our heart breaks again thinking of the survivors & families of the victims.Excited to hear from @SecretaryPete that @sfmta_muni is receiving $22 million for the Van Ness Bus Rapid Transit project from the #AmericanRescuePlan! More great news after yesterdays Biden Administration $1 billion @CAHSRA announcement:What does $225 Billion for child care mean? It means that no low or middle-income family will pay more than 7% of their income on child care. #CareEconomyThis morning I visited a business in the Mission recently attacked w/ antisemitic graffiti. The recent spike in antisemitic incidents in San Francisco & around the country cannot continue. We must come together as Americans to condemn & combat this appalling bigotry and hatred.Today I joined caregivers & advocates to discuss the importance of investing in caregiving as we continue to work w/ @POTUS on the American Jobs & Families Plans. Investing in caregiving will help get Americans back to work & grow the economy. #CareEconomyGetting shots in arms around the world is both a moral imperative and an urgent necessity, as we cannot be safe from the virus anywhere until we defeat it everywhere.  Read my full statement here:Today marks an important step in the fight against COVID-19. With the commitment of 500M vaccine doses, made possible w/ the $4B Democrats secured in the December relief package & $1B in the American Rescue Plan, @POTUS & @VP are taking action to crush COVID across the world.Thats why Dems are fighting to enact the Paycheck Fairness Act. Although Republicans in the Senate are blocking this bipartisan & overwhelmingly popular bill, we will not relent until we secure the wages that working women deserve. Read my full statement:While we have made some progress over the last six decades, #EqualPay is not yet a reality: women are still paid only 82 cents for every dollar paid to men. For women of color, the gap is far worse: Black women make 63 cents, Native women make 60 cents and Latinas make 55 cents.Today, our nation marks 58 years of the #EqualPay Act, which enshrined equal pay for equal work into law. This vital principle is foundational to our democracys promise of full equality and imperative for our nations economic success.The Care Economy is the key to Build Back Better. Parents & caregivers cant go back to work & grow our economy unless they have child care, paid leave & care for parents and other loved ones. Thats why @HouseDemocrats & @POTUS are investing in and fighting for the #CareEconomy.Today is the 34th anniversary of my first swearing-in to the Congress on June 9, 1987 by Speaker Wright. Thank you to those who elected me, for the highest honor I have ever been bestowed is to represent San Francisco. It is my honor to fight for you and #ForThePeople every day.Today, every single Senate Republican voted against equal pay for women & for a status quo that robs their daughters, sisters, wives & friends of $400k over a lifetime. Equal work deserves equal pay. Period. Democrats wont stop fighting until HR7 becomes the law of the land.See what happened behind-the-scenes last week with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Today, Americans give thanks to the heroic Allied Forces who stormed the beaches at Normandy to liberate a continent, defeat fascism & secure freedom for the world. 77 years after D-Day, we remain in awe of their courage & recommit to building a future worthy of their sacrifice.The American Jobs Plan will greatly improve Americans quality of life, with improvements to mass transit, investments in clean energy, and creating millions of new jobs. #BuildBackBetterToday, leaders in San Francisco gathered in remembrance to solemnly mark 40 years since the beginning of the AIDS epidemic. We take time to mourn the hundreds of thousands of Americans we have lost to this vicious disease and pray for all grieving their tragic loss. #40YearsOfHIVThis deeply flawed ruling reverses 30-year commonsense protections that keep deadly weapons off our streets & keep our communities safe. If upheld, it poses a clear & serious threat to public safety & innocent lives. House-passed gun violence prevention bills must be enacted now.Anne Halsted led a life dedicated to civic duty. Everyone knew her power to make an impact. Her work was, at its core, about people: how to improve their lives & honor the spark of divinity in all. May it be a comfort to Annes loved ones that many mourn with them at this time.Today, and every day, let us renew our vow to always support our long-term survivors and work to finally banish HIV to the dustbin of history. Read my full statement here:We mourn the hundreds of thousands of Americans we have lost to this vicious disease and pray for all grieving their tragic loss. We also pay tribute to the more than one million Americans living with HIV today, who have bravely battled not only the virus but its cruel stigma.Today we mark a solemn milestone: 40 years since the discovery of HIV/AIDS, a disease that has inflicted nearly unparalleled anguish, pain & devastation on our country & world. As we celebrate the progress made to defeat this disease, we must recommit to finishing this fight.As we #BuildBackBetter, we must advance equity in our economy for women, veterans, people of color, indigenous communities and our rural areas.Today, we #WearOrange to mark National Gun Violence Awareness Day. We have a moral responsibility to take action. @HouseDemocrats have already passed HR8 and HR1446. Its time for the Senate to do the same and act to end gun violence.It is imperative that we pass the American Jobs Plan the boldest jobs plan in modern history to create millions of good-paying union jobs and ensure Americas competitiveness for years to come. Read my full statement here:The May jobs report is further strong evidence that, under @POTUS Biden, our nation is defeating the pandemic and economic crisis. @HouseDemocrats economic recovery plan is working and we must continue to act to #BuildBackBetter.We must honor those who died for democracy, and we must defend those who fight for democracy and human rights in our time. The Chinese governments record of accelerating human rights abuses is why I continue to call for a diplomatic boycott of the Olympic Games from Beijing.32 years ago, citizens peacefully took to the streets to demand liberties from an oppressive Chinese regime. Beijings horrific massacre of their own citizens crushed the protest but could not extinguish the flame of freedom that burned in their hearts.Thank you @MorningMika for a wonderful conversation! #ForbesOver50America urgently needs strong investments in our infrastructure. @POTUS Jobs Plan makes that happen. Because its our job to deliver For The People and #BuildBackBetter.The American Families Plan delivers transformative investments in early and lifelong learning to ensure students are set up for success, regardless of their zip code or their parent's income. #BuildBackBetterThis #Pride Month, let us recommit ourselves to finally realizing our nations founding creed: that all are equal.During National Immigrant Heritage Month, we honor those who came to the United States to build a better life. There is nothing more American than the hope & courage that immigrant communities display every day. #CelebrateImmigrantsThis #Pride Month, let us recommit ourselves to finally realizing our nations founding creed: that all are equal. Read my full statement here:Every June, Americans celebrate the beauty, bravery and vibrancy of our cherished LGBTQ communities and commemorate the progress weve made toward full equality. During #Pride Month, we march to carry on the fight to end bigotry and advance the cause of justice.The American Society of Civil Engineers 2021 Report Card rates our infrastructure as a C-. Thats unacceptable. We must improve our quality of life, For The People, for our kids, for the future. #BuildBackBetterPayingmy respects at the monument to the Unknown Dead at the San Francisco National Cemetery in the Presidio in honor of #MemorialDay.Today, and every day, we are thankful for their service and draw strength from their sacrifice.We will not relent in our urgent work to advance justice, peace and prosperity for all and we keep the memory of those murdered in Tulsa, and all those we have lost to racial violence, in our hearts.  Read my full statement on the Tulsa Race Massacre:President Biden and the Democratic Congress are united in our strong condemnation of this heinous Massacre and all appalling acts of bigotry and violence against the Black community.A century ago, the Black community in Greenwood suffered the Tulsa Race Massacre one of the most brutal and senseless campaigns of racial violence in American history, targeted because of their commitment to pursuing their American Dream.On this solemn day of remembrance, let us honor our selfless servicemembers by renewing this vital pledge: that just as the military leaves no one behind on the battlefield, we must leave no veteran behind when they come home.  Read my full statementOn #MemorialDay, grateful Americans pay tribute to the fallen heroes who gave their last full measure of devotion to safeguard our cherished freedom and ensure the survival of our sacred democracy.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker..@HouseDemocrats look forward to working with the Biden-Harris Administration to enact this visionary budget, which will pave the path to opportunity and prosperity for our nation.The Biden Budget is a budget For The People. Read my full statement here:A federal budget should be a statement of our national values. @POTUS Bidens budget is an unequivocal declaration of the value that Democrats place on Americas workers and middle class families, who are the foundation of our nations strength and the key to #BuildBackBetter.Democrats worked across the aisle, agreeing to everything that Republicans asked for.In not taking yes for an answer, Republicans clearly put their election concerns above the security of the Congress and country.  Read my full statement here:Mitch McConnell asked Senate Republicans to do him a personal favor and vote against theJanuary 6th Commission. In bowing to McConnells personal favor request, Republican Senators surrendered to theJanuary 6thmob assault.Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans denial of the truth of theJanuary 6thinsurrection brings shame to the Senate. Republicans cowardice in rejecting the truth of that dark day makes our Capitol and our country less safe.The American Jobs Plan will ensure that people can go to work secure in the knowledge that their families are being cared for, thanks to a historic commitment to elder care.This week I sent my congratulations to Sikyong Penpa Tsering on winning the democratic election to lead the Central Tibetan Administration. The Tibetan people will be well-served by his leadership in the fight for the survival of Tibetan religion, culture and language.When asked what our top three priorities are in Congress, I always say: the children, the children, the children. Thats why the #AmericanFamiliesPlan will invest in their education and their future.Join me live in San Francisco for a press event with leaders of the San Francisco Asian American Pacific Islander community to highlight the enactment of the bipartisan COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act. #StopAsianHateOur prayers are with the loved ones of the victims, and our gratitude is with the first responders for their heroic actions. Today and in the days to come, the nation stands with the San Jose community. Read my full statement here:All Americans join the San Jose community in sadness and shock over todays horrific mass shooting. The gun violence crisis inflicts unfathomable anguish & pain. Inaction is not an option. @HouseDemocrats will not relent until our bipartisan gun violence prevention bills are law.John Warner leaves a remarkable legacy of service that will long inspire Virginians and indeed all Americans.  Read my full statement here:The country has lost a great patriot. Senator John Warner was a hero in the military, a respected leader in the Senate and an inspiration to all. In Congress, we all knew him as a leader unafraid to speak the truth but always committed to finding common ground and consensus.The American Families Plan levels the playing field for working- and middle-class young families by providing two free years of universal, high-quality preschool to all three- and four-year-olds. #BuildBackBetterThe George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act, which has now passed twice in the House, is an opportunity to honor his life and all lives taken by the scourge of racial injustice. We remain hopeful that we will, in a bipartisan spirit, reach an agreement and enact this legislation.When the Floyd family asked if we would name our transformational police reform bill after George, my response was: Only if it is worthy. Today, we are working hard to pass a bill worthy of George Floyds life and legacy.Today, solemnly, marks one year since the murder of George Floyd. After seeing the heartbreaking video, millions of people around the world flooded the streets for days and weeks, marching to end the epidemic of police violence and to advance justice.Join me live at the United States Capitol with @RepKarenBass, the Floyd Family and Members of Congress to discuss progress on passing the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act.The American Families Plan makes transformational investments in education, adding two years of free early childhood education and two years of free community college. Because every child deserves an equal chance to succeed. #BuildBackBetterIt is imperative that Congress continues to take action to honor the sacrifice of law enforcement & protect the Capitol and ensure that an attack can never again be perpetrated against it. There is no time to waste or room for partisanship in keeping our Capitol and Country safe.The National Guard are American heroes and defenders of Democracy. Their presence following January 6th has brought security, safety and healing to the Congress and indeed the Country. The United States Congress is profoundly grateful for their selfless service.The recent spike in antisemitic attacks against Jews around the country and the world is horrific, heartbreaking & demands action. Antisemitism cannot be tolerated. We must come together as Americans to condemn and combat this appalling bigotry and hatred.The American Families Plan creates a national paid family and medical leave program, empowering Americans to take care of their families without worrying about losing a paycheck. #BuildBackBetterSee what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.With direct support to reduce the cost of child care, the American Families Plan will help strengthen our families with parents earning, children learning. #BuildBackBetterIn honor of his indomitable spirit, let us renew our vow to finish the work that Harvey Milk began, live up to our nations founding promise of full equality and build a brighter future for all Americans no matter who they are or who they love.On #HarveyMilkDay, Americans celebrate a courageous, visionary and trailblazing leader, who dared to dream of a world where all could live with pride.On what would have been Harveys 91st birthday, we remember his courage to live authentically and his fierce voice for justice..@POTUS American Families Plan will #BuildBackBetter by ensuring that every working- and middle-class family can afford child care, creating national paid family & medical leave and delivering nutrition assistance for hungry families.Otto will be forever missed, but his legacy carried on by his family, by the hundreds he mentored, and by countless more he inspired will be eternal and enduring. May it be a comfort to the entire Beatty family that so many mourn with and pray for them during this sad time.As House Speaker, it is my great honor to convey the condolences of the Congress to our cherished colleague, @RepBeatty, and the entire Beatty family on the passing of their beloved Otto: a leader of courage and consequence in Ohio and the nation.It was my honor to welcome His Excellency Moon Jae-in, President of the Republic of Korea, to the U.S. Capitol. Thank you for your leadership on combatting climate change, cooperation in the fight against COVID-19 and for being in the forefront of innovation.Now more than ever, at a time when our children, frontline workers and health providers are struggling with mental trauma as a result of the pandemic, mental health awareness is paramount. Thats why Im proud to join #MentalHealthAction Day!Some Republicans want to pretend Jan. 6th attack on our Democracy was a normal day. Their denial dishonors the officers who lost their lives defending the Capitol, the staff & workers who make our country run and our Constitution. We need strong action to secure our Democracy.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol withHis Excellency Moon Jae-in, President of the Republic of Korea, ahead of a bipartisan leadership meeting.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for myweeklypressconference.Americans deserve an impartial account of the Jan. 6th attack. Families of USCP officers, 9/11 Commission Chairs, 140 national security leaders & Representatives of both parties support a bipartisan commission, but @GOPLeader wants to hide the truth. What's he afraid of?Join my colleagues & me live at the US Capitol as we speak about 2 pieces of legislation that will establish an independent, bipartisan 9/11-type commission to investigate the Jan 6th attack on the Capitol & provide emergency security supplemental funding.Join me live for a bill enrollment ceremony for the bipartisan COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act which will improve DOJ hate crimes tracking & include the NO HATE Act to provide more resources for training on hate crimes data collection, reporting & response.Thanks to @BennieGThompson and @RepJohnKatko for their steadfast leadership in securing a bipartisan agreement and helping us uncover the truth.Democrats made repeated efforts to seek a bipartisan compromise. But Leader McCarthy wont take yes for an answer. In his February 22 letter, he made three requests to be addressed in Democrats discussion draft. Every single one was granted by Democrats, yet he still says no.The American people expect and deserve the truth in a manner that strengthens our Democracy and ensures that Jan 6 never happens again. Tomorrow, the House will vote on the National Commission to Investigate the Jan 6 Attack on the U.S. Capitol Complex Act.As Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy attempts to block the creation of a bipartisan commission to examine January 6th, the Republican Leader is also refusing to set a meeting with a DC police officer hoping to share his story from the day of the insurrection.America has always been a nation of immigrants we must align our nations policies with our cherished heritage! Thanks to @CHIRLA, @UFWupdates & We Are Home campaign for your partnership as we work to deliver a path to citizenship & build a stronger, fairer country for all.There are 2 million AAPI heroes fighting on the frontlines. The COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act will strengthen our defenses to prevent, report and combat anti-AAPI violence and will build on steps already taken by President Biden. #APAHMOver 6,600 incidents of anti-AAPI attacks in all 50 states have been reported this past year. I've seen the pain. Today, Congress will take bold, effective action to combat this epidemic of anti-AAPI bigotry, which is a challenge to the conscience of our country. #StopAsianHateJoin @CAPAC & me live from the U.S. Capitol as we speak about the COVID-19HateCrimesAct, a vital bill to strengthen our nations defenses against bigotry by improving our ability to track, report and respond tohatecrimes.#StopAsianHateSpeaker Pelosi Statement on International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and BiphobiaSpeaker Pelosi Statement on Delivery of Democrats Expanded Child Tax CreditAs John Lewis said when the House first passed the Equality Act in 2019, We have a decision to end discrimination & set all of our people free. In this spirit, we vow to defend the rights of LGBTQ people at home and abroad and strive to build a future w peace & justice for all.On International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia & Biphobia, Americans reject bigotry & discrimination against LGBTQ communities & reaffirm our commitment to ensuring that every person can live free from fear of losing their job, home or life simply because of who they are.We must make this lifeline permanent, which is why @HouseDemocrats will continue to champion an expanded #ChildTaxCredit because we can only Build Back Better by putting families first.Thanks to the leadership of @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, nearly 40 million families with children will soon have critical financial relief that will help sustain them during the pandemic and in the days ahead.Thanks to Dems' American Rescue Plan, ~90% of our nations children will benefit from the expanded #ChildTaxCredit, with families receiving up to $300 per child each month starting this July!  Secure your payment by filing your taxes for free by TODAY:House Minority Leader McCarthy: The American people overwhelmingly support the American Rescue Plan. But you convinced every single Republican to vote against it. No wonder why youre getting called out in the media for voting no and taking the dough.The American Families Plan is a transformative vision for seizing this once-in-a-century opportunity for our economy to #BuildBackBetter. It invests in the foundation of our nations strength: our workers and the middle class. That's why a majority of Americans support the plan.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.On behalf of the United States Congress and our City, thank you to your president, Olga Miranda, and every member of SEIU Local 87 for your courage and patriotism on the frontlines of the pandemic.It is my honor to send congratulations to SEIU Local 87 on their hard-earned victory securing better wages, working conditions & benefits. In achieving #JusticeForJanitors, they have shown the country the power of Americas unions.Thank you @Warriors for welcoming fans back for safe and exciting basketball. #DubNationAmerican women are the engine of America's economy & a key to #BuildBackBetter. The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, is a strong, bipartisan step to ensure that women are no longer forced to choose between maintaining a healthy pregnancy & a paycheck.Pelosi Statement on Bipartisan Agreement on January 6 CommissionProtecting the U.S. Capitol Complex and all who serve and work in it is of the highest priority. The House will also soon move forward with an emergency security supplemental which will provide for the safety of Members and harden the Capitol against further attacks.On Jan 6, one of the darkest days in our history, our temple of democracy was attacked by insurrectionists. The gleeful desecration of our Capitol resulted in multiple deaths, physical harm to over 140 members of law enforcement and trauma among staff, support workers & Members.We will seek the truth of what happened on Jan 6 with an independent, bipartisan 9/11-type Commission to examine and report the facts, causes & security relating to the terrorist mob attack. Thanks to @BennieGThompson @RepJohnKatko, today a bipartisan agreement has been reached.America has fallen behind in the number of women in the labor force, losing an annual $64 billion in wages and economic activity. Guaranteeing paid family leave and access to child care will unleash the full potential of women in the economy and help America #BuildBackBetter.The January 6 insurrection was not a normal tourist visit. Thats beyond denial. It falls into the range of sick.A ReadyNation Study found that a lack of child care options costs the United States economy $57 billion per year in lost earnings, productivity and revenue. By investing in America's children, we invest in America's economy and #BuildBackBetter.Join Representatives Speier, Smith, Garcia, Escobar, Crow and me live outside the U.S. Capitol as we raise awareness about the I Am Vanessa Guilln Act, which wouldrevolutionizethe militarys response to reports of sexual harassment and sexual assault.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference.We must #BuildBackBetter by thinking boldly. The American Jobs Plan will make historic investments in infrastructure to create millions of good-paying jobs, ensure America can out-compete any other country in the world & lay the foundation for decades of broad economic growth.Today I joined Mayors and Members from all across the country speaking about the need for the American Jobs Plan and what it means for their communities. #InfrastructureIsCallingJoin me live with Mayors and Members from all across the country, speaking about the need for the American Jobs Plan and what it means for their communities. #InfrastructureIsCallingFamilies have struggled to stay afloat throughout this pandemic. Many parents had to drop out of the workforce and have yet to return due to lack of access to child care and paid leave. The American Families Plan ensures they have the support they need so we can #BuildBackBetter.Tune in live as I join parents, advocates and experts for a virtual San Francisco roundtable to discuss the American Rescue Plan and raise awareness ahead of the upcoming tax deadline on May 17th so that every eligible family gets the #ChildTaxCredit.Thanks to the American Rescue Plan, many families will receive ~$300/month per child which will help millions of families & cut child poverty in half If your family is eligible, file your taxes before May 17 to secure your monthly #ChildTaxCredit payment!Join me live in the U.S. Capitol for a ceremonial swearing-in of Congressman Troy Carter of Louisianas 2nd district.Affordable health care is a matter of life-or-death, which is why Democrats took action in the Rescue Plan to dramatically lower the cost of health insurance premiums for people who purchase coverage on their own and why Democrats will act to make these lower costs permanent.Thanks to President Bidens action, one million more Americans are now enrolled in life-saving health coverage during this pandemic, including many who have lost coverage through no fault of their own.Congressional Democrats are proud to uphold the equal right of every American to access the care that they need to pursue a life of dignity and health. We must now build on this progress and enact the House-passed Equality Act to fully ban anti-LGBTQ discrimination in our nation.Today, the Biden Administration has taken essential and potentially life-saving action to affirm that all people in America have the right to quality, affordable health care no matter who they are or whom they love.This important announcement is a tribute to @HouseDemocrats commitment to robust state, local, territorial & tribal funding. It will save jobs, prevent layoffs, keep services running & help our economy recover from crisis, while prioritizing equity & flexibility for governments.Today, @POTUS Admin took a strong step to protect the livelihoods of the millions of frontline heroic workers who are the lifeblood of our economy. House Democrats are committed to robust action to not only recover from crisis but #BuildBackBetter.Every House Republican voted to block shots in arms, money in pockets, and resources to put kids back in schools. Now theyre scrambling to explain why they turned their backs on working families.Nurses have been on the frontlines of the pandemic, putting their lives at risk to heal the nation. Thank you, for your selflessness, dedication and compassion #NationalNursesWeekThe American Families Plan invests in kids by ensuring all families have access to affordable, high-quality child care. Middle and lower-income families should never have to pay more than 7% of their paycheck for care. This investment will save the average family $14,800 a year!Happy Mother's Day to you and your family. Our mothers are our Guardian Angels, and we carry them always in our hearts, whether or not we are blessed to have them with us.By investing in the American people and rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, we will grow our economy, create millions of new jobs and #BuildBackBetter than ever with the American Jobs Plan.In the 21st Century, we need to do more to prepare our kids for their future. Thats why the American Families Plan includes funding for four additional years of public education two years of preschool and two years of community college..@POTUS and @HouseDemocrats are taking bold action to crush the virus, rebuild our economy and get our country back on track. With the American Jobs Plan, we will continue moving forward and #BuildBackBetterOn Child Care Provider Appreciation Day, we thank our care providers & early educators for helping our families succeed. The American Families Plan will strengthen our child care system & early learning opportunities to keep children learning & parents earning #ThankYouChildCareWe need to take bold action to Build Back Better by investing in our nation, our workers & our families. The evidence is clear that the economy demands urgent action and transformational investments to create more good-paying jobs #ForThePeople.Building Back Better means investing in the American people, building up our infrastructure and creating good-paying jobs for the future. @POTUS transformative American Jobs Plan is a blueprint for a better future.In the 21st Century, we need to do more to prepare our kids for their future. Thats why the American Families Plan includes funding for four additional years of public education two years of preschool and two years of community college.Happy 90th Birthday to an all-American icon, Willie Mays. A trailblazing, record-breaking baseball player, civil rights leader, and champion for youth sports and well-being, Willie Mays is a civic legend and national treasure.#SayHey90.@POTUS was right when he said that Wall Street didnt build this country hard-working middle class families did. The American Jobs Plan is a blue-collar blueprint to put people to work building a stronger, safer and more resilient America. #BuildBackBetter.@POTUS American Families Plan includes a $200B investment to provide free, quality universal preschool for 3-4 y/o kids. This transformative program makes a down payment on the future for ~5 million kids & will save an average family $13,000 a year!This progress is a great credit to Democrats tireless outreach and engagement to ensure that vulnerable communities take full advantage of the resources available to them. Meanwhile, every Republican in Congress voted against helping our restaurants survive this crisis.In just a few short days, @HouseDemocrats Restaurant Revitalization Fund signed into law as part of the American Rescue Plan already has 186,000 applications more than half from women, veterans or socially and economically disadvantaged individuals.On his birthday, we remember the first AAPI Mayor of SF, Ed Lee, whose strong leadership created thousands of units of affordable housing, innovative solutions to homelessness and helped ensure that Californias minimum wage was raised to $15/hour by 2022. #APAHMYesterday, I had the pleasure of attending a grand opening of apartments for formerly homeless veterans and low-income families - the Edwin M. Lee Apartments in Mission Bay - named in honor of our late Mayor.With @HouseDemocrats and @POTUS leadership and American Jobs Plan, we have the opportunity to invest in Americans across the country, creating good-paying jobs while restoring our infrastructure and getting our economy back on track. #BuildBackBetterThat's why @HouseDemocrats proudly passed the American Dream & Promise Act, a first step to restoring compassion & justice to our broken immigration system. Working closely with @POTUS we will not relent until we harmonize our policies with our values.This #CincoDeMayo we celebrate the hard-won victory at the Battle of Puebla and rich contributions that Mexican Americans & Latinos have made to our country as we uphold our history as a nation of immigrants, a beacon of hope & an extended hand to all yearning to be free.The US is the only industrialized country in the world that does not have a paid family medical leave program in place. The American Families Plan takes action to combat this with a historic expansion of family & medical leave, child care, health care and education.Educators have been on the frontline of the pandemic: bringing passion & creativity to the challenge of virtual learning, heroically helping students and parents around the clock,while working tirelessly to get back in the classroom safely.Thank you. #TeacherAppreciationDayOver 16? Youre eligible to get a COVID-19 vaccine. More than 90% of Americans now live within 5 miles of a vaccination site! To see where you can get yours input your ZIP code at / or text it to GETVAX (438829) / VACUNA (822862).As we remember the Holocaust, we pledge to never forget. To know the origins of the Holocaust, we must understand that #ItStartedWithWords and learn the history and lessons the survivors can teach us.In @POTUS first 100 days, weve passed legislation that put shots in arms, money in pockets, kids in school & people in jobs, which helped the economy & families rebound from the devastating effects of the pandemic. We will continue to #BuildBackBetter w/ the American Jobs Plan.Thanks for spreading the news about the great work @HouseDemocrats have put in to save restaurants! Too bad you voted against helping AmericansIn @POTUS' first 100 days, we have moved our country forward, changed the course of the pandemic and delivered relief to hard-working families. Its time to #BuildBackBetter with the American Jobs Plan.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.The American Families Plan invests in our children and our families by providing resources to get parents earning & children learning, including:  free community college paid family leave  universal pre-k child care affordable housingThe most important thing is our children, our children, our children. The American Families Plan is a bold, transformative investment in the future of education, health care and child care for Americas children.From ending the pandemic to solving the climate crisis to building a fairer economy, let us draw inspiration from the Jewish spirit of tikkun olam, which calls on us to repair the world, pursue justice and advance the common good.Jewish American Heritage Month is an opportunity to celebrate our vibrant & cherished Jewish American community. This May, let us renew our commitment to defending the promise of religious liberty for all, so that every family may always be free to proudly practice their faith.The pandemic has fueled a heartbreaking wave of hateful speech & violent attacks against AAPI communities. This month, the House will pass & send to @POTUS desk robust hate crimes legislation to strengthen our nations defenses against these un-American acts of bigotry & violenceDuring Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, we celebrate our nations vibrant, diverse AAPI communities. Let's pledge to stand w/ our AAPI friends, family & neighbors as we strive to fulfill our founding promise as a nation of immigrants & build a brighter future for all #APAHMPaul and I were heartbroken to hear of the passing of Eli Broad: a legendary patron of the arts, whom we were privileged to call a friend for more than thirty years. His passing is a great loss for Los Angeles and for the nation.The American Jobs Plan will create good-paying jobs that will restore our highways, bridges, ports, airports, transit systems and more. With @POTUS leadership, we will #BuildBackBetterLast night, history was made as the first Black House Sergeant-At-Arms, Major General William Walker, introduced @POTUS Biden at the beginning of his Joint Session to Congress.Exhibit A@VP @POTUS This Congress we will deliver equal pay for equal work, paid family and medical leave, affordable child care and universal Pre-K to enable women to return to the workforce, the Violence Against Women Act, and many, many more initiatives for women.For the first time in history, two women@VP & myselfsat behind @POTUS during his address to Congress: sending the message to women & girls that the sky is the limit. The policies in POTUSs speech delivered that same message and was a triumph that put women & families first.Honored to join @CindyMcCain to discuss leadership and public service for the #SedonaForum21 panel. Tune in to our conversation at 1:00 PM ETJoin me live from the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference, where I will discuss the transformative results Congress and the Biden Administration have delivered in the first 100 days!Tonight, the American people heard @POTUS deliver a unifying message of resilience, resolve and hope. As he said, America is on the move again. Turning peril into possibility. Crisis into opportunity. Setback into strength.' #HelpIsHereWatch live as @POTUS addresses a Joint Session of Congress, which will highlight the bold actions the Biden Administration is taking to build on the progress of the first 100 days & make once-in-a-generation investments to deliver results for all AmericansWith @POTUS Biden's leadership, @HouseDemocrats are making historic progress #ForThePeople lowering the cost of health care, delivering bigger paychecks by building our infrastructure and ensuring our government works for the public interest, not dark money special interests..@POTUS American Jobs Plan will invest in our infrastructure to create good-paying jobs to tackle the climate crisis, restore our economic security and strengthen our global competitiveness. #BuildBackBetterTonight, @POTUS will address a Joint Session of Congress on his first 100 days in office. To hear more about the Presidents bold and transformative actions to Build Back Better, join us LIVE at 6:00 PT/9:00 ET. #HelpIsHere.@POTUS Exec Order to raise min wage for contractors honors the bedrock promise that, in America, hard work deserves fair pay. This action will make a key difference in the lives of thousands of frontline & essential workers as we continue to #FightFor15Tomorrow @POTUS will present his vision to #BuildBackBetter with justice, prosperity & opportunity for all. It is my privilege to have as my virtual guest @NEMSSF CMO Dr. Kenneth Tai, whose work ensures all people have access to culturally & linguistically-appropriate health careAs we proudly approach 100 days of the @POTUS Biden & @VP Harris Admin, @HouseDemocrats are committed to building on our success with the American Rescue Plan & advancing the American Jobs Plan so we can #BuildBackBetter with justice, prosperity and opportunity for all!Its time to reinvest in the American people with the American Jobs Plan so we can #BuildBackBetter.Honored to swear in the former commander of the Washington, DC National Guard, Major General William Walker, as House Sergeant-at-Arms. His historic appointment as the first Black American to serve as Sergeant-at-Arms is an important step forward for this institution & our nationThe #AmericanRescuePlan is putting vaccines in arms, money in pockets, people in jobs, and kids back in school safely which is powering an economic rebound. Help Is Here well get through this, together!With the American Rescue Plan changing the course of the pandemic, we have a chance to reimagine and rebuild our economy with the American Jobs Plan, which will invest in Americans across the country. #BuildBackBetterAs we close out Sexual Assault Awareness Month, we recommit to combating sexual violence & demanding accountability. Congress stands with survivors and will honor their strength by working to advance a future that is free from violence & assault for all. #SAAM2021See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.History teaches us that if we ignore its darkest chapters, we are destined to repeat them. On this solemn day of remembrance, let us pledge to stand strong against hatred and violence, and recommit to building a future of hope, peace and freedom for all the worlds children.Our hearts are full of joy that @POTUS has taken an historic step with its formal recognition of Armenian Genocide Day, following Congress 2019 resolution declaring that the barbarism committed against Armenians was genocide.Today we remember the 1.5+ million Armenians who were brutally murdered in the Armenian Genocide. We must honor their lives by combating denial of these heinous crimes and recognizing this brutality for what it was: genocide.What does it mean to #BuildBackBetter?  Repairing roads, bridges, and water systems Expanding access to the internet Building quality affordable housing Investing in research & development for climate solutions  And so much more!This special day reminds us of our responsibility to protect clean air & clean water for our children, create good-paying jobs and preserve our planet for posterity.As we celebrate #EarthDay, we recommit to protecting our planet & our future. We must meet the climate crisis with bold action. @HouseDemocrats salute @POTUS for pledging to cut our carbon pollution in half by 2030 & look forward to achieving this goal w/ the #AmericanJobsPlanDC has a larger population than two states. Yet, its citizens do not have a vote in Congress. Today, the House passed H.R. 51 to end this injustice & bring DC residents one step closer to the representation they deserve. #DCStatehoodThe Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act will make a transformative difference in the lives of hard-working families who cannot afford their medicines. Lowering health costs & prescription drug prices will be a top priority for @HouseDemocrats in the American Families PlanA year after US Army Specialist Vanessa Guillns disappearance & murder, we remain heartbroken & outraged. Justice is needed for Vanessa & all servicemembers who face the epidemic of sexual violence in our armed forces. Congress wont stop until we have #JusticeForVanessaGuillen200 MILLION shots in arms in under 100 days! Thanks to @POTUS and @HouseDemocrats, life is going to get back to normal. Help Is Here with the #AmericanRescuePlan!We are the wealthiest country in the world, yet we rank 13th in quality of our infrastructure its time to modernize, innovate, create good-paying jobs and #BuildBackBetter across the nation.Join me live from the U.S. Capitol for my weekly press conference!Tomorrow, the House will bring H.R. 51 to the floor to bring DC residents one step closer to the full representation they deserve. #DCStatehoodAlcee Hastings never gave up or backed down, because he believed that America must live up to its promise of liberty and justice for all.D.C. residents pay more federal taxes than 21 states, have a larger budget than 12 states & have a population larger than two states. The House will pass the Washington, D.C. Admission Act so residents will be closer to gaining the rights that they are fighting for and deserve.Today, the House is taking action to ensure that no president or administration can ever again abuse its authority by waging discrimination on the basis of religion. The #NoBanAct restores the separation of powers by limiting executive action to issue future religious bans.For over 200 yrs the people of DC who pay taxes, fight in our wars & power our economy have been denied their right to fully participate in our democracy. It is well past time to grant them the rights they have been fighting for & deserve! #DCStatehoodToday, we celebrate the beautiful life of our friend and colleague, Congressman Alcee Hastings, honoring his legacy of advancing liberty and justice for all.George Floyd should be alive today. His familys calls for justice for his murder were heard around the world. He did not die in vain. We must make sure other families don't suffer the same racism, violence & pain, and we must enact the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act.Today is a solemn day in America. Join me and my colleagues at the United States Capitol as we stand in solidarity after the Derek Chauvin murder trial verdict is announced.As the American Rescue Plan saves lives & livelihoods across the nation, we have the opportunity to not only recover but #BuildBackBetter w/ the transformative, once-in-a-century American Jobs Plan to create millions of jobs & ensure Americas competitiveness for decades to come.Vice President Walter Mondale was an icon of honor and decency, whose principled and progressive leadership made America more fair, equal and strong. His passing is a sad and great loss for our nation.Thanks to the bold action taken by @HouseDemocrats under the leadership of @POTUS, all American adults are now eligible for a COVID-19 vaccine! Get yours today! Find out more at:In passing H Res 130, Democrats and Republicans condemn China's continued violation of rights of Hong Kongers. Congress stands with freedom-loving peoples of the world and continues to fight to ensure that the voices that the Chinese government are trying to silence are heard.Today is a solemn day as the closing arguments are presented in the George Floyd murder trial. I commend the Floyd family for their dignified calls for justice, which were heard around the world. Let us be prayerful that the truth will prevail & will honor George Floyds memory.Calling all San Franciscos high school artists: the deadline for this years Congressional Art Competition is approaching! Find out more atThe American Jobs Plans investments to improve caregiving for the elderly and disabled across the country are supported by a vast majority of the American people - including 64% of Republicans! With @POTUS's leadership and vision, we will #BuildBackBetter, together.See what happened behind-the-scenes this week at the United States Capitol with my Medium post, Madam Speaker.Congratulations to @StAnthonySF for serving their 46 millionth meal today! Thank you for your steadfast dedication to supporting San Francisco's most vulnerable..@HouseDemocrats took an important step to combat this crisis with the #AmericanRescuePlan, which included a temporary state option extension of Medicaid coverage for new mothers for up to 1-year postpartum.The US has the worst maternal health outcomes in the developed world- the pandemic has made it worse. We must pass the #Momnibus bill to Address social determinants of health Invest in community-based organizations Improve data collection Grow the perinatal workforceBlack women are twice as likely to suffer from severe maternal morbidity than white women. During Black Maternal Health Week, we take time to take action to raise awareness and promote advocacy and action to change the state of #BlackMaternalHealth.Horrified & heartbroken by this news. As we pray for the families of all affected, we must work urgently to enact commonsense gun violence prevention laws to save lives & prevent this suffering.Congress remains laser-focused on legislation and diplomatic efforts including with our allies to hold China accountable & support Hong Kongs efforts to maintain & grow the rule of law and freedom of speech in their city.Saddened and disturbed to see the sentences handed down to Martin Lee & other pro-democracy leaders for free and peaceful protest: another sign of Beijing's assault on the rule of law.Today, the House passed the Paycheck Fairness Act a bill that will fulfill the promise of #EqualPay for equal work, cut the poverty rate for single mothers in half and advance progress for families across the country.The #AmericanRescuePlan is helping schools & educators separate, sanitize and ventilate classrooms to make sure we can get kids back to school safely & make up for time out of the classroom. Help Is Here!My colleagues and I are speaking live from the U.S. Capitol ahead of passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act in the House! #EqualPay.@POTUS' tough measures make clear that Moscow will face consequences for its behavior its interference in elections, cyber hacking & occupation of sovereign territory. Working w/ our allies, we will put an end to Russias attacks on our security & valuesJoin me live with reporters from the United States Capitol for my weekly press conference.This Israeli Independence Day, we celebrate the birth of the vibrant and innovative Jewish state, forged into being through extraordinary courage and faith to become one of the greatest political achievements of the 20th century..@POTUS' plan for the safe, strategic & orderly departure of American troops from Afghanistan is an important & welcomed development. As we mark 20 yrs since the tragedy of 9/11, we look forward to welcoming our heroic troops back to American shores safelyIt's been seven long years since the Chibok Girls were abducted by Boko Haram in Nigeria. I stand with @RepWilson and the families of the 112 girls who are still missing in the fight to #BringBackOurGirls.Residents of DC pay taxes, serve in uniform and contribute to the economic power of our nation while being deprived of full enfranchisement. The sacred right to vote & have a voice in our government is a core pillar of our freedom. Its time to finally grant #DCStatehood.Join me live in the U.S. Capitol for a ceremonial swearing-in of Congresswoman-elect, Julia Letlow who will fill the 5th district seat of Louisiana for the remainder of the 117th Congress.Today, @EQCA announced that @TonyHoang, a son of Vietnam War refugees & civil rights leader, will be their new Executive Director. Congratulations! Looking forward to seeing the #EqualityAct become law with his leadership!Join @GiffordsCourage, my colleagues & me as we memorialize 40,000 lives lost each year to senseless acts of gun violence w 40,000 flowers placed on the National Mall. The horrific effects of gun violence plague our nation daily. We must find #CourageToActOfficer Evans joins a pantheon of heroes who have given their lives to defend our Capitol. As we promise to remember, we carry them in our hearts forever.As we grieve the passing of Officer Evans & all who have given their lives to defend the Capitol & the country, we are moved by the courage & resilience w/ which each member of the Capitol Police force has met this moment & continues to serve our nation.Officer William Evans was an 18-year veteran of the Capitol Police, who died in the line of duty protecting the Capitol on April 2, 2021. On behalf of the entire Congress, we are profoundly grateful for his service.Join my colleagues and me live as we discuss the COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act, which will address the rise of hate crimes and violence targeted at the Asian American and Pacific Islander community related to the pandemic. #StopAsianHateToday, we honor a martyr for our democracy, Officer William F. Evans, who will lie in honor in the Capitol Rotunda. May this tribute be a source of comfort & an expression of gratitude to the Capitol Police Force, which has awed our nation with their resilience during this time.During the Holy Month of Ramadan, Muslim families around the world celebrate their faith by engaging in the sacred process of self-reflection & spiritual renewal. The special season of #Ramadan offers the promise of hope that better times are within reach.Daunte Wright should still be alive today. Our hearts ache for his family & for the Minneapolis community currently seeking justice for George Floyd. This epidemic of injustice cannot continue. The George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act passed by the House must become law..@HouseDemocrats are hard at work For The People. In the first #100DaysOf117th, we've passed key bills including: American Rescue Plan For The People Act #HR1 American Dream & Promise Act PRO Act Bipartisan gun violence prevention And we're just getting started.The most expensive maintenance is no maintenance. That's why we need big, bold investments in the American Jobs Plan - so we can rethink, rebuild, and modernize our crumbling infrastructure to create good paying jobs & turbocharge our global competitiveness. #BuildBackBetter.@HouseDemocrats are working with President Biden to invest in the American people, create millions of good-paying jobs and bring justice and opportunity to all Americans #BuildBackBetter..@POTUS's American Jobs Plan is transformative and will ensure that we will #BuildBackBetter. @FaceTheNationToday, America & Italy celebrate 160 years of cherished diplomatic relations. Our alliance is essential to confronting the challenges that lie ahead. Let us mark this momentous anniversary by recommitting to the special bond between our great nations.The #AmericanRescuePlan is about the children, the children, the children. Their health: vaccination, nutrition Their education: resources for safely going back to school The family's economic security: money in the pocketsOn behalf of the Congress, happy birthday to an icon for women and workers worldwide: @DoloresHuerta!.@POTUS' strong budget request honors this truth: our federal budget should be a statement of our national values & must reflect Americas priorities. The House will continue to work to Build Back Better & create a more prosperous & just future #ForThePeople.Repairing America's crumbling infrastructure will improve the lives of Americans across the country and create millions of good-paying jobs. We're Building Back Better with @POTUS's #AmericanJobsPlan.The US Congress extends condolences over the passing of Prince Philip, whose life was distinguished by an inspiring ethic of dedicated service. May it be a comfort to Her Majesty & the Royal family that so many mourn with & pray for them at this sad time.The House's bipartisan, commonsense background checks bills, HR 8 & HR 1446, are supported by 90% of Americans, including gun owners. Working with @POTUS, survivors & families of victims and the Senate, we can advance safety, security & justice in America.The gun violence epidemic forces families across America to endure unfathomable pain. @POTUS's actions today will save lives: stopping the spread of ghost guns, helping ensure that dangerous people can't access firearms & leading an initiative to reduce community violence.Join me live for my weekly press conference to hear about what the #AmericanRescuePlan is doing for Americans across the country and @HouseDemocrats plans to enact @POTUS's Build Back Better agenda.On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we recommit to combating bigotry and hate in our time. The memory of the 6 million Jews and countless others murdered moves us to build a world in which no one lives in fear because of who they are or what they believe.75 days into @POTUS's term and his #AmericanRescuePlan has already put 150 Million shots in American arms and 150 Million checks in American pockets. Help Is Here!Join me live w/ @SF_DPH Director, @GColfax, & Chief Health Officer of @NEMSSF, Dr. Tai, to learn about the resources contained in the #AmericanRescuePlan & how San Franciscans can benefit from health provisions in the legislation.Congress is devastated by the passing of a respected leader, an historic force in our nations politics and a cherished colleague, @RepHastingsFL. May it be a comfort to his family that so many mourn their loss and are praying for them at this sad time.Congress has been working For The People to make sure that we get shots in arms and our lives back on track. Today, we hit an incredible milestone: 150 Million shots in American arms. With the #AmericanRescuePlan, Help Is Here!Congress stands with @POTUS as we work to elevate the role of human rights in our relationship and hold Saudi Arabia accountable for its abuses, including with Global Magnitsky sanctions and visa denials for human rights abusers.The brutal sentencing of humanitarian aid worker Abdulrahman al-Sadhan, which follows his disappearance & imprisonment w/o trial, is an appalling injustice. Riyadh needs to know that the world is watching Saudi Arabias disturbing actions & that we will hold them accountable.Did you know? Millions of Americans still have unsafe drinking water running through their taps. The #AmericanJobsPlan creates millions of good-paying jobs & will help tackle this problem head-on, replacing 100% of lead pipes & service lines to deliver clean & safe water to all.In giving his life to protect our Capitol & our Country, Officer Evans became a martyr for our democracy. It is the solemn privilege of the House & Senate to convey the appreciation for his heroic sacrifice with a lying-in-honor ceremony in the US Capitol..@POTUSs #AmericanJobsPlan will create good-paying, union jobs to help us rebuild Americas crumbling infrastructure. Because every American deserves to have things like clean water, clean air and affordable broadband.May this Holy Season be a time for renewal and reflection on the blessings that God has bestowed upon our Country. Best wishes for a meaningful and glorious Easter, Passover and Ramadan from my family to yours!Help Is Here! Thanks to the #AmericanRescuePlan, we have regained nearly 62% of the 22.2M jobs lost during the pandemic. We're putting vaccines in arms and money in pockets to help get people back in jobs!The March jobs report is resounding evidence that, under @HouseDemocrats & @POTUS, Help Is Here. Over 100M vaccine doses & 100M checks have been delivered and nearly $1 trillion are being put in workers pockets by the life-saving #AmericanRescuePlan.Americas heart has been broken by the tragic & heroic death of one of our U.S. Capitol Police heroes: Officer William Evans. He is a martyr for our democracy. May it be a comfort to his family that so many mourn with them & pray for them at this sad time.The #AmericanRescuePlans historic child tax credit will put money in family's pockets, reducing poverty in Latino communities by ~40% to help families stay afloat throughout the pandemic.ICYMI: My weekly press conference where I discussed everything from the American Jobs Plan, which will create jobs while revitalizing our infrastructure, to how the #AmericanRescuePlan is helping Americans recover from the economic & health crises.The convictions of Martin Lee & 6 other pro-democracy leaders for peaceful protest are profoundly disturbing evidence of Beijing's accelerating assault on the rule of law. The US Congress will continue to hold Beijing accountable for its strangulation of human rights in #HongKongDon't be afraid of the space between your dreams & reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so. - Belva Davis made her dream of becoming the first Black woman television reporter on the West Coast a reality. She remains an inspiration & icon. #WomensHistoryMonthThe House is already at work to advance a transformational infrastructure package. Investments in infrastructure have long been bipartisan. In that spirit, we hope to craft & pass a package to create jobs, justice & opportunity for all..@POTUS's American Jobs Plan is a visionary investment in our future. This package will create millions of good-paying union jobs, invest in workers & turbocharge our global competitiveness while revitalizing our infrastructure in a transformative, resilient way.Maybe if the @GOPLeader was paying attention to his constituent's needs back home, he would have voted for the relief theyre getting from the #AmericanRescuePlan...Trans rights are human rights. Today and every day, @HouseDemocrats are proud to stand with the trans community in the fight to ensure you are accepted just as you are. You are not alone. We will never stop fighting for you. #TransDayOfVisibilityHappy Csar Chvez Day! Today, our nation honors an unyielding voice for hard-working Americans whose visionary leadership ignited a worldwide movement & helped teach us all the true meaning of justice.As an Olympic gold medalist & founder of the Ladies Pro Golf Association, Babe was a trailblazer for women in sports. Her achievements continue to inspire athletes across America & around the world. #WomensHistoryMonthHelp Is Here! The #AmericanRescuePlan takes historic action to lift ~12M Americans out of poverty. We are cutting poverty rates for Black Americans by 42% and Latinos by 39%!Combating systemic racism in our justice system starts with equity and inclusivity. @POTUS's diverse nominations take a bold step toward ensuring impartial justice for all Americans.Carol Channing is remembered as one of the great American actors whose work continues to inspire & entertain millions around the world. #WomensHistoryMonthAs families come together, however virtually, across the country this weekend, I wish the very best to each and every member of Americas Jewish community who is marking the beginning of Passover tonight at sundown.It is my honor to appoint District of Columbia National Guard Major General William J. Walker to serve as the 38th Sergeant-at-Arms for the House of Representatives.The horrific shootings in Georgia are just the latest example of the increase of hateful sentiment Asian Americans have experienced throughout the pandemic. We stand with the Asian American community in San Francisco and across the country to reject bigotry and #StopAsianHate."Doing is living. That is all that matters." - Ruth Asawa #WomensHistoryMonthThe #AmericanRescuePlan takes decisive action to curb the devastating poverty rate in the United States by putting money in pockets and supporting families with children. Help Is Here!Join me live with reporters in beautiful San Francisco for my weekly press conference @ 12:00 PT, 3:00 ET.This #EqualPayDay, American women continue fighting to secure good-paying jobs & provide for themselves & their families. Today, @HouseDemocrats rededicate ourselves to this truth: when women succeed, America succeeds.Californias first-ever Surgeon General @DrBurkeHarris' dedication to changing the way our society responds to childhood trauma has forced a necessary discussion challenging health equity and disparities in underserved communities. #WomensHistoryMonthThe US and international community continue to stand as one to defend the rights and dignity of the Uyghur people against China's campaign of human rights abuses that also targets journalists, human rights lawyers, and the people of Tibet and Hong Kong.As we mark 11 years since the historic passage of the Affordable Care Act, Democrats renew our commitment to strengthen and expand its lifesaving protections to lower health costs and prescription drug prices for all Americans.Too many families and too many communities have suffered the tragedy of gun violence. That is why, this month, the House passed H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act and H.R. 1446, the Enhanced Background Checks Act, two commonsense gun violence prevention measures.The hearts of all Americans are with the Boulder community and loved ones of those killed in yesterdays horrific shooting. Enough is enough. We must act to #EndGunViolence.I feel that good food should be a right and not a privilege. @AliceWaters steadfast dedication to expanding access to healthy, nutritious food for all has improved the well-being of thousands of American children & families. #WomensHistoryMonthAs we look with hope and promise to the year ahead, may all who celebrate #Nowruz in America and around the world be blessed with a year of peace, prosperity and the love of family. Eide shoma mobarak!Mattie's message for us is to "stop the killing and start the healing," because this is about "all of us or none of us." I am proud to join her in the movement for real peace and real change. #WomensHistoryMonthToday is a day of great hope & progress for our nation as @POTUS & @VP make good on the promise to get 100M vaccines into peoples arms in their first 100 days reaching their goal 42 days early. Help Is Here.Tune in live to my conversation with the press. This week, I'll discuss all the exciting legislation the House passed this week - and our strong progress in lowering health costs by building on the Affordable Care Act as part of the #AmericanRescuePlan.Throughout the pandemic, farmworkers risked their lives to feed America. Todays passage of the Farm Workforce Modernization Act honors their labor and is a testament to the truth that immigrants are the constant reinvigoration of our nation. #HomeIsHereAmericas Dreamers, TPS, & DED recipients are essential members of our communities. Today, @HouseDemocrats voted to honor their contributions to our country and their pursuit of the American Dream by passing the Dream and Promise Act. #HomeIsHereFor Americans across the country, Help Is Here. As @HouseDemocrats continue to Build Back Better with @POTUS, @HouseGOP are working to distract people back home in their districts.Today, I have the great privilege of joining the incredible, inspiring First Lady, Dr. Jill Biden to honor Americas educators, who continue to provide guidance & strength to students during this devastating pandemic. #WomensHistoryMonthJoin my colleagues & me live at the US Capitol ahead of House votes on critical legislation to reform our immigration system & provide relief to immigrant communities through the American Dream and Promise Act and the Farm Workforce Modernization Act.Today, the House reaffirmed womens equality by voting to remove the artificial, arbitrary time limit that prevents the Equal Rights Amendment from being enshrined in the Constitution. The time for equal rights is now! #ERANowTwo years ago, @HouseDemocrats passed the #VAWA4ALL reauthorization to advance justice, safety & dignity for Americas women. Today, we voted to strengthen VAWA, based on the input of survivors and experts and move it closer to becoming the law of the land.Join my colleagues and me live with reporters at the United States Capitol to hear about the passage of a provision to allow the Equal Rights Amendment to become law & the groundbreaking effects it will have for women once successfully passed. #ERANowAll Americans are praying for the victims of the brutal shootings in Georgia, and we grieve with their families and loved ones. These shootings are a vicious and vile act that compound the fear and pain that Asian-Americans face each day.Today, we come together to celebrate St. Patrick's Day & reaffirm our strong relationship with Ireland and Northern Ireland. Join @MichealMartinTD, @POTUS, and me @ 12:30 PM EST.Join my colleagues and me live at the United States Capitol ahead of the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, so that we can uphold the right of every woman, everywhere to live free from abuse. #VAWA4AllThe #AmericanRescuePlan is overwhelmingly popular across the country. Local newspapers in @HouseGOP districts have been touting the extraordinary benefits of @POTUS's plan as local communities receive funding to meet the needs of hard-working families.The #AmericanRescuePlan is helping Americans recover already. From getting money in pockets to vaccines in arms, @POTUS's plan is working. Help Is Here!The confirmation of Secretary Deb Haaland is a strong step forward in Democrats mission to advance a sustainable clean energy future in America with equity and justice for all. Her confirmation is historic and is a source of pride for the House.Last week, @HouseDemocrats delivered on @POTUS's promise - Help Is Here! The #AmericanRescuePlan puts shots in arms, money in pockets, children in schools, & people in jobs. Together, we are Building Back Better to make sure Americans can get through this crisis.The #AmericanRescuePlan is transformative legislation that is strongly bipartisan across the country. It contains the necessary relief that @HouseDemocrats could provide & that we will build upon as we deal w/ the effects of the current health & economic crises. Help Is Here!It was an honor to speak at the Rose Garden today about the #AmericanRescuePlan. I am so proud of my Democratic colleagues for stepping up & making sure Americans can get through this crisis. Help Is Here!Congress must work swiftly to build on the historic @POTUS #AmericanRescuePlan. Our recovery plan must Build Back Better For The People in every zip code by creating good-paying jobs for the future.Throughout this health and economic crisis, Annis leadership and vision have kept hundreds employed & have been a lifeline for thousands of San Francisco seniors & their families. Thank you for your strength in this crisis @AnniChung. #WomensHistoryMonthWith President Bidens actions and the delivery of the life-saving resources of the #AmericanRescuePlan, we will crush the virus, save jobs & grow the economy, and Build Back Better For The People.Help Is Here. Tonight, the American people saw presidential leadership from @POTUS that will save lives & livelihoods: making all adults eligible for vaccines by May 1, safely reopening schools and crushing this vicious virus..@HouseDemocrats are committed to taking effective action to ensure that no one endures the heartbreak & horror of gun violence in their lives again by today passing two bills to #EndGunViolence & close the Charleston Loophole.Join me live with reporters at the United States Capitol for my weekly press conference, where Ill be discussing everything from the American Rescue Plan to whats happening on the floor today! Tune in to stay informed!The gun violence crisis in America is a challenge to the conscience of the country one that demands that we act. Join my colleagues and me live as we speak about the #CharlestonLoophole and #HR8, the House actions to #EndGunViolence.62 yrs ago, Tibetans rose up against the Chinese invasion to protect their way of life. As we continue to be inspired by the @DalaiLamas powerful message of peace, faith & love, we honor those who sacrificed for their rights & freedom.Help Is On The Way! #AmericanRescuePlanToday, we are sending the American Rescue Plan to @POTUSs desk to be signed into law. Join my colleagues and me live at the United States Capitol for the enrollment ceremony. Together, we can #BuildBackBetter.Today is a day of great progress and promise, as the House prepares for final passage of the #AmericanRescuePlan, so that we can send it to the Presidents desk to be immediately signed and enacted. We are ensuring that, as @POTUS promised, Help Is On The Way!The #VAWA Reauthorization - strengthens services for victims & survivors - empowers law enforcement to protect their communities - helps stop abusers & stalkers from obtaining firearms - expands protections for victims & survivors financial securityLast night, our nation took a huge step forward to advance justice, safety and dignity for women as the House re-introduced the Violence Against Women Act. With this bill, @HouseDemocrats will uphold the right of every woman to live free from abuse. #VAWAThroughout the pandemic, workers have been forced to work in unsafe conditions bc they do not have workplace safety protections. When workers have the power to form a union, they have: - Bigger paychecks - Better benefits - Safer working conditions #PROActJoin me LIVE at the United States Capitol as my colleagues and I speak with reporters about the American Rescue Plan.Granting #TPS status to Venezuelans yearning for democratic freedoms amid dire crisis is an act of great humanity and necessity. This long-overdue action sends this clear message to Maduro and the world: we stand with the Venezuelan people.In 1965, John Lewis & other advocates who marched for the #VotingRightsAct were brutally attacked by police in Selma, AL. It is our privilege tohonor their legacy by fostering a democracy that works for every voter. #RestoreTheVRAThis #InternationalWomensDay, I encourage all women & girls to Know Your Power, wield it wisely, and choose to challenge norms that prevent women from taking their full place in our societies, governments, and economies.Today is a day of great progress, as the @SenateDems passed @POTUS #AmericanRescuePlan to save lives & livelihoods. We now urge Republicans to join us in recognition of the imminent need for decisive action & to fulfill the promise that Help Is On The Way.Americans overwhelmingly support @POTUSs #AmericanRescuePlan to put: Shots in arms Money in pockets Children in schools People in jobs Its time to #BuildBackBetter.@SenateGOP must end their obstruction & delay tactics, which demonstrate a great disdain for the suffering of the American people. Democrats stand with the overwhelming majority of Americans demanding this legislation, as we work expeditiously to ensure that Help Is On the Way.The Feb. jobs report is promising, but millions of Americans still face unemployment & economic crises. Decisive action is imperative which is why @HouseDemocrats passed the #AmericanRescuePlan to stimulate the economy, cut child poverty in half & lift ~12M out of poverty.As Speaker, I condemn the denial of bail to the peaceful democratic activists in Hong Kong, who were targeted & charged for exercising their rights. This action is an acceleration of Beijing's crackdown on Hong Kong, against which Congress will continue to speak out.Join me for my weekly press conference as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.Join my colleagues and me LIVE at the U.S. Capitol as we speak about The George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act.Last year, George Floyd uttered his last words, "I can't breathe" - Americans took to the streets to peacefully protest racial injustice & police brutality. Yet, it continues. With tonight's vote the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicingAct is closer to becoming the law of the land.ICYMI - today @HouseDemocrats spoke at the U.S. Capitol about HR 1, the #ForThePeople Act.  watch here:There's a direct correlation between the suppression of the vote, campaign funding & American's health. If Republicans are proud of their dark money, then why won't they disclose it? @HouseDemocrats are holding public officials accountable to their constituents w/ #HR1Our Founders laid the expectation that our government would work For The People - not special interests. Gerrymandering, voter suppression & dark money continue to silence Americans - Congress must put power back in the hands of the people by passing the #ForThePeopleAct.The longer it takes to make H.R. 1 become law, the longer voters can be disenfranchised like this. Its unacceptable. @HouseDemocrats are working to strengthen our democracy by expanding access to the ballot box, not limiting it. #ForThePeopleThe attempted murder of anti-corruption activist @Navalny is a violation of human rights. @POTUS is sending a strong and unmistakable message to the Kremlin and to the world: that the era of impunity for Moscows assault on the rule of law is over.Join my colleagues and me live at the U.S. Capitol as we kick off our annual issues conference.Today, America mourns the loss of a giant of the Civil Rights movement: Vernon Jordan. His leadership took our nation closer to its Founding promise: all are created equal. May it be a comfort to his family that so many across America mourn with and pray for them at this time.I was pleased to join @CUyghurs for an update on the appalling human rights abuses in XUAR. If we dont speak out clearly for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human rights any place in the world.In honor of the pioneering women upon whose shoulders we stand, and the brave young women speaking out to advance progress nationwide, we will never stop fighting until justice, equal rights and greater opportunity are a reality for every woman and every American.This #WomensHistoryMonth we can honor this empowering truth - when women succeed, America succeeds - as we rededicate ourselves to solving the systemic injustices that exact a disproportionate toll on working women.To Congressional Republicans, conspiracy theories are more important than the American people. Last night, they voted against providing aid for vaccines, schools, families and children. Whose interests are they serving?This morning, @POTUS called to thank us for passing the American Rescue Plan. With great gratitude, I congratulate our dazzling Chairs, Members & staff for their masterful, timely & values-based leadership in bringing us to this moment for the American people.Late last night, @HouseDemocrats passed the American Rescue Plan, taking a momentous step to ensure that Help Is On The Way. This package will be transformative: lifting 12M out of poverty, generating $1.25 for every $1 spent, & cut child poverty in half.A once in a lifetime crisis demands bold solutions; it demands the #AmericanRescuePlan. @HouseDemocrats will protect American lives & get our economy back on track. Help is on the way.This heinous event is an affront to the rule of law & basic human rights. We must re-evaluate our relationship with Saudi Arabia. We stand w/ @POTUS in promoting transparency & supporting partnerships that advance our security, uphold our values & protect our interests.The chilling report from the Intelligence Community confirms what the world has long known: that Jamal Khashoggi was brutally murdered at the direction of top Saudi officials, including Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman.Join me live at the U.S. Capitol as I speak with reporters about the American Rescue PlanWhile youre busy mocking Americans urgent need for COVID relief, Republican mayors across the country are imploring you to support the American Rescue Plan.TODAY: We voted to #KeepItWild to protect 1.5 million acres of wilderness 1,000 river miles @GrandCanyonNPS from mining  Were fighting #ForThePeople & our Public Lands to honor our responsibility to protect our natural heritage.Excited to be joining @DavidCicilline & @AlphonsoDavid of @HRC live to commemorate yesterdays historic passage of the #EqualityAct! Tune in using the link below:James Baldwin was a novelist, playwright & poet who navigated sexuality, race & class during the civil rights and gay liberation movements in the mid-20th century. His advocacy & literature help guide our fight for a more just society. #BlackHistoryMonthThe Senate parliamentarians ruling is disappointing; raising the minimum wage would give 27M+ Americans a raise during this devastating economic crisis. House Dems are determined to #FightFor15. This policy will remain in H.R. 1319 and pass tomorrow.Its been long enough. Discrimination against #LGBTQ people needs to end. We need the #EqualityAct to be federal law NOW. This is about respect. This is about pride.States, cities & counties across the country need our help. Now is the time to jumpstart our economy and defeat this virus! #FundTheFrontLines #AmericanRescuePlanJoin my colleagues & me live at the U.S. Capitol for a press conference about the Equality Act.Join me live speaking with reporters at the U.S. CapitolLet's get this straight. Schools asked for relief: Democrats responded with the needed resources - Republicans are choosing not to help. @POTUS Rescue Plan makes $130B available immediately to - Get schools open safely - Keep schools open safely - Make up for lost learning timeDespite mass protests & a renewed focus on the crisis of racial injustice, the epidemic of police brutality continues. We will not stop fighting until this legislation becomes law & our children no longer fear losing their fathers, mothers & loved ones to senseless murder.Last summer, George Floyd spoke his final words, I cant breathe,' & changed the course of our nation's history. Today, the House is honoring his life & the lives of all killed by police brutality by re-introducing the George Floyd Justice in Policing ActThe devastating economic crisis caused by the coronavirus underscores the need for @POTUS Rescue Plan. 300+ small business leaders agree - the bold relief package grants are essential to help 1M+ small businesses recover from these difficult times.Today, I spoke w/ @IsraeliPM to reaffirm the unbreakable bond between our nations & Congresss unwavering support for a safe & secure Israel. We discussed COVID response & our shared hope for regional peace, including a just, stable & enduring 2-state solution.Thank you @POTUS @VP for taking the necessary action to protect our most vulnerable communities by delivering 25M+ high-quality, American-made masks to 1,300+ health centers and 60,000+ food centers and soup kitchens across the country.This evening, I joined my colleagues on the steps of the Capitol for a moment of silence to mourn the 500,000+ American lives we lost to COVID-19. May they rest in peace.Weird. Thats not what a bipartisan 72% of Americans are saying.Please join me live at the U.S. Capitol for a moment of silence for the 500,000 lives lost to the COVID-19 virus.Deemed the mother of the freedom movement, Rosa Parks taught us that sometimes the best way to take a stand is to sit down. We are deeply thankful for her inspiring example & tireless fight for justice this #BlackHistoryMonth64 years ago today, Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks & 87 other Black Americans were arrested for their part in the historic Montgomery Bus Boycott, their courage to fight for equality is just as poignant today as we build a brighter future for all. #BlackHistoryMonthThe trial of Lee & other pro-democracy leaders is an affront to the rule of law. If we dont speak for human rights in China bc of commercial interests, we lose the moral authority to speak for human rights anywhere.Congress is dedicated to holding China accountable for its abuses, including targeting Uyghurs, Tibetans, activists & vulnerable communities on the mainland, & now, Hong Kong - we must put all options on the table to hold China accountable.Martin Lee is an embodiment of courage & principle, who has inspired millions w/ his peaceful fight to advance democratic freedoms in Hong Kong & throughout China.Republicans have publicly complained about their inability to mount public opposition to the bipartisan American Rescue Plans push to crush the COVID-19 virus. Turning to vaccine skeptics is a reckless Republican effort to put partisanship over American health, safety, & jobs.Less than 1 week after urging Republicans to block $160B in vaccine funding, Minority Whip @SteveScalise is using his position to elevate Republicans who have publicly urged Americans not to take the COVID-19 vaccine.As we pray, we must act swiftly to put an end to this pandemic and to stem the suffering felt by so many millions. With the passage of @POTUS Rescue Plan this week, the American people will know that Help Is On The Way.The loss of 500,000 American lives is a horrific human toll of staggering proportions and incomprehensible sadness. Members of Congress join Americans in prayer for the lives lost & devastated by this vicious virus.The need for critical #COVID19 relief is not a red state, blue state issue. Thats why the economic relief in the #AmericanRescuePlan Act of 2021, which @HouseBudgetDems are marking up today, is key for protecting Americans livelihoods until the coronavirus is behind us.The reforms will build on recent PPP successes by increasing assistance to businesses with &lt;10 employees in underserved & rural areas. They will ensure that sole proprietors (overwhelmingly affecting women, minority & immigrant communities) are not left behind.Today, @POTUS has extended a lifeline for struggling small businesses, save American jobs & power the American economy, while promoting equity and fairness across Main Street. We urge Republicans in Congress to join us in support of this relief package.Today, I was honored to join members of @CAPAC & others to shine a light on the surge of violent crimes targeting the AAPI community. This epidemic of violence is a challenge to the conscience of our country, which our Dem Congress is committed to combating, confronting, & ending.@POTUS plan will tackle the current health & economic crises to: Beat the virus & safely reopen schools Deliver immediate relief to working families Support communities struggling with the economic fallout Americans need help. House Republicans dont care.With millions of Americans unemployed and demanding relief to reopen schools and get people back to work, House Republican leadership is demanding its members vote against a bipartisan plan to help struggling Americans.Rebuilding our economy starts with #VaccineAccessForAll. Thats why @POTUS has launched a national vaccine plan with a focus on equitydelivering millions of doses directly to local health centers in hard-to-reach communities. #VaccineEquity is essential as we #BuildBackBetter.#COVID19 has shown just how important and essential caregivers are for our economy, veterans & military, health care system, and communities. In honor of #NationalCaregiversDay, I'm proud to join @RCICaregiving to say thank you to America's 53 million caregivers. #ThankACaregiverCongratulations to@NASAJPL scientists & engineers on their successful landing of @NASAPersevere - the biggest, most capable rover yet! Loved seeing SF City Halls celebration of all involved in this historic landing.It also addresses: - Immigration court backlogs - Root causes of migration - Reforms our asylum system - Smuggling and human trafficking criminal organizationsThe U.S. Citizenship Act provides: - Immediate green card eligibility for qualifying Dreamers, TPS holders & farmworkers - An earned path to citizenship for our undocumented community - Common sense solutions to managing our borders with smart, sensible infrastructure investmentsToday, Congressional Dems are making good on @POTUS Day One promise with the U.S. Citizenship Act: to transform our immigration system and make our nation safer, stronger & more prosperous..@SenatorDole is a patriot & American hero whom I am honored to call a friend. As millions of Americans pray for him, we take comfort in knowing that he is bringing the same courage to his battle with cancer that he demonstrated on the battlefield & in Congress.The plan: $24B to keep child care providers afloat $15B to subsidize child care for low-income families $1B to ensure Head Start has the resources to stay open & buy PPE, technology & hire staff Boost the Child & Dependent Care Tax Credit - $4K for 1 kid, $8K for 2+ kidsWomen are disproportionately bearing the brunt of the devastating COVID-19 unemployment statistics & a severe lack of adequate support for child care is largely to blame .@POTUS American Rescue Plan includes $40B to provide solutions for parents.The Democratic House will now swiftly pass this landmark legislation and will keep working until it is finally enacted into law so that we can combat anti-LGBTQ discrimination that undermines our democracy and advance justice in America.In a majority of the country, a same-sex couple can get married, then legally be denied service, fired or evicted. LGBTQ people can be denied - Housing in 27 states - Access to an education in 31 states -The right to serve on a jury in 41 statesOur nation was founded on the promise that all are created equal and are worthy of dignity & respect. By reintroducing the Equality Act, we are making a commitment to this truth: that all Americans must be treated equally under the law. #EqualityActTune in as I speak with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol.I am proud to appoint visionary leader Dr. Joseph Marshall to the Commission on the Social Status of Black Men & Boys, where he will bring the innovation, expertise and excellence needed to create real, impactful change in our country. @DrAliveNFreeA Black lesbian, mother & warrior, NY poet laureate Audre Lorde forged a coalition across race, gender, sexual orientation, class, ability and age to push back against societys tendency for categorization. #BlackHistoryMonthThe $1,400 direct relief payments included in the American Rescue Plan will help families, small businesses and local economies, and it is supported by a bipartisan majority (75%) of the country. Its time for Republicans to listen to reason and get out of the way.Januarys $600 direct payments finally brought a glimmer of hope: a 5.3% surge in retail sales. These strong retail numbers prove that direct payments not only provide urgently-needed relief, they also boost our economy..@POTUS emergency declaration is a vital step that sends a clear signal that we will support all Americans in their time of need. Congress is working around the clock to pass the Biden American Rescue Plan, which secures $50 billion for the FEMA Disaster Relief Fund.All Americans are watching the situation in Texas and throughout the heartlands with great sadness. We must come to the aid of those suffering without power and water, and we grieve with the families who have lost loved ones to this disaster.Having reliable, affordable health insurance is more important than ever during the #COVID19 pandemic. A Special Enrollment Period is now open at and will remain open until May 15. #GetCovered TODAY.Last Congress House Democrats took action to save lives w/ H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act, & H.R. 1112, the Enhanced Background Checks Act. Now w/ the Dem. Senate and Administration, we will deliver the progress that Parkland & the American people deserve.3 yrs ago, our nation watched as 17 beautiful souls were stolen in an act of unspeakable terror & gun violence at @MSDHighSchool. On this solemn remembrance, we renew our commitment to ensuring no family or community endures the pain of gun violence.I salute the Republican Senators who voted their conscience and for our Country.  Other Senate Republicans refusal to hold Trump accountable will go down as one of the darkest days and most dishonorable acts in our nations history.The Congress and Country can take great pride in the House Impeachment Managers, who defended our Constitution & Democracy with a moving presentation demonstrating love of country and loyalty to our oath and the facts.Its pathetic that @LeaderMcConnell kept the Senate shut down so that Article of Impeachment couldnt be received & used that as his excuse for voting to acquit.We are working to draft & pass $130 billion for our K-12 students to - Repair ventilation systems - Reduce class sizes and implement social distancing - Purchase PPE - Hire support staff - Help students make up for lost classroom time - Close the digital divideEnsuring that our children & teachers can return safely to school ASAP is our top priority. But w/o assistance, our schools cant afford to enact the safety precautions required. Yet, Republicans in Congress are attempting to hold this funding hostage.Wishing the AAPI community in San Francisco and across the country a healthy and meaningful Lunar New Year! May we all experience the energy, strength, and cheer symbolized by the #YearOfTheOx.Tune in to my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol @ 10:45 a.m. E.T.Evidence of President Trumps guilt is overwhelming. If future presidents know they can incite an insurrection in their final days in office & get away w/ it, we invite dangerous abuses of power. The Senate must convict President Trump & disqualify him from holding future office.President Trump spent weeks laying the groundwork for Jan. 6th to halt the counting of electoral college ballots, incited a mob to fight like hell & assault the Capitol, then refused to intervene to stop the attack.With a devastating 5.3 million jobs lost since the beginning of the pandemic, American women are bearing the brunt of the health & economic crises. Congress must act quickly to pass the urgently needed Biden-Harris Rescue Plan.Today, we mourn the loss of our colleague @RepRonWright. May it be a comfort to his family, friends and staff that so many mourn with and pray for them at this sad time. We must all continue to be vigilant in our fight against this vicious coronavirus.George Shultz dedicated his life to promoting a more peaceful and secure future, and his work to advance democracy worldwide leaves a powerful legacy for generations to come.Last month, insurrectionists attacked our Capitol & democracy, threatening Members, police, staff & support workers who make our country run. To our Capitol community, Im inspired by your strength & patriotic service. We will have justice. #CapitolStrongNo family should have to endure the horror and heartbreak of gun violence. This Gun Violence Survivors Week, inspired by the survivors and supporters turning grief into action, House Democrats reaffirm our commitment to #EndGunViolence once and for all.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.We continue to grieve and commemorate the sacrifice of Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick. Today, it is our privilege to pay tribute to his service as he lies in honor in the U.S. Capitol. His courage helped save lives and defend our sacred democracy.Congress is united in grief and gratitude for the sacrifice of Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick. His heroism helped save lives and protect our democracy. Now, he lies in honor in the U.S. Capitol as we pay tribute to his patriotic service.During #BlackHistoryMonth, we celebrate Black Americans innumerable contributions to our nation. Today & always, Democrats are committed to renewing America's bedrock promise of justice & opportunity as we insist on the truth that Black Lives MatterToday, we honor the legacy of civil rights icon: Fred Korematsu. His unwavering courage in standing against the unjust internment of Japanese Americans during WWII is a reminder of the power of everyday Americans to uphold our values & strengthen our democracy. #FredKorematsuDayI salute the urgent, diligent & strategic work that he and his team continue to do in this mission.I was pleased to meet with Lieutenant General (ret) Russel Honor today to be briefed on his initial assessment of the security review he is conducting of the US Capitol Complex initiated in the wake of the Jan. 6 assault.President Bidens Executive Actions today will restore & strengthen Americans access to quality, affordable health care: providing a critical lifeline to the millions of American families struggling during this pandemic.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:Today, we remember the millions of Jews and others killed during the Holocaust. We have a solemn responsibility to honor the memories of the victims & rededicate ourselves to our sacred duty: Never Again. #HolocaustRemembranceDayWatch as the House Impeachment Managers, led by the House Clerk and the Acting House Sergeant at Arms, participate in a procession ceremony to deliver the article of impeachment against Donald Trump to the Senate.By bringing an end to the Trump Admins cruel & arbitrary ban on trans troops, President Biden and America are restoring our proud pledge: that no one with the strength & bravery to serve in the U.S. military should be turned away because of who they are.The article of impeachment for incitement of insurrection by Donald Trump will be delivered to the Senate on Monday, January 25.Tune in as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol for the first time since the start of the Biden-Harris Administration.Yesterday's beautiful Inauguration "America United" gave proof that the arts will bring us together. Amanda Gorman's words & wisdom reflected President Biden's values. As the President & Lin-Manuel Miranda quoted Seamus Heaney: "justice can rise up / And hope and history rhyme."I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:Todays inauguration delivers a much-needed breath of fresh air to the American people. Tune in as we mark the start of the Biden Administration. #InaugurationDay #Inauguration2021There can be no doubt: our beloved Rep. John Lewis was instrumental in guiding the course of events these past several months. We owe it to his memory to do all we can to live up to his values. #TheReidOutThere is no issue more critical to the future of our nation than the safety, education and all-around well-being of Americas children. #TheReidOutTomorrows inauguration of President-elect Biden means America will finally get a well-deserved breath of fresh air. #TheReidOutWatch tonight at 10:00 p.m. E.T. as I join @JoyAnnReid on a special edition of @thereidout to discuss tomorrows inauguration, the importance of defending our democracy by convicting President Trump following his impeachment for inciting an attack on the U.S. Capitol & more.As we mourn the tragic milestone of 400,000 American lives lost to the coronavirus, we must come together to move past the failed Trump response to crush the virus and deliver robust, real relief now.As America mourns the loss of more than 400,000 souls to COVID-19, House Democratic leaders are coming together as part of the Nationwide COVID-19 Memorial and Lighting Ceremony to honor their memory.Read my full letter to Acting Secretary of Defense Christopher Miller here:The attempt to install an unqualified Trump loyalist as NSA General Counsel just 72 hours prior to the start of a new Administration is highly irregular and highly suspect. This placement should not move forward.Guided by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.s transformative work, we will never stop fighting For The People, to strengthen our democracy and build a brighter, more just and equal future for all. #MLKDay.@RepRaskin, my family and families across America are holding you, Sarah, and your entire family in our hearts during this difficult time. Thank you for sharing your strength, your patriotism, and your abiding sense of justice.Today, it was my honor to join @chefjoseandres and @WCKitchen to provide meals to our heroic National Guard troops who are keeping our Congressional community safe during this difficult time.The Biden-Harris vaccine plan is a 180-degree reversal from the disastrous vaccine distribution failure of the Trump Administration, making it clear to the American people that Help Is On The Way.I am speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol as America prepares for the inauguration of President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris.I will speak with reporters live at 11:30 am ET in Washington. Watch here:Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:When President-elect Biden was elected, he told the American people that Help is on the way. With the COVID-rescue package the President-elect announced today, he is moving swiftly to deliver that help and to meet the needs of the American people.We know that the President of the United States incited this insurrection this armed rebellion against our American democracy. He must go.President-elect Biden has chosen a fierce force for justice and human dignity in nominating Ambassador Samantha Power to serve as USAID Administrator.It is my somber responsibility to sign the Article of Impeachment against President Trump passed in a bipartisan vote by the House of Representatives a short time ago.At 5:45 pm ET, I will engross the Article of Impeachment passed by the House in a bipartisan vote a short time ago. Tune in here:President Trump has proven he is a clear and present danger to our American democracy. He must be impeached and removed from office.Even during this dark time in the history of America, we find reasons for hope. It was my privilege today to personally thank members of the National Guard who are working protect our nations Capitol. Thank you for your commitment to our American democracy.Tonight, I have the solemn privilege of naming the Managers of the impeachment trial of Donald Trump. @RepRaskin @RepDianaDeGette @RepCicilline @JoaquinCastrotx @RepSwalwell @RepTedLieu @StaceyPlaskett @RepDean @RepJoeNegusePresident-elect Biden has chosen a trusted leader to serve as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Ambassador William Burnss great experience and his dedication to apolitical intelligence will be critical as he takes on this new role.Wednesdays attack on our democracy was intended to scare us away from carrying out our duties as the peoples representatives. We will not let them succeed. We are committed to our work #ForThePeople. @60MinutesAs our next step, we will move forward with bringing impeachment legislation to the Floor.The House will next take up the Raskin legislation in regular order, and we are further calling on the Vice President to respond within 24 hours of passage.Today, five days after the President incited a deadly insurrection against American democracy, the @HouseGOP blocked @RepRaskins legislation calling on @VP Pence to activate the 25th Amendment.The person who is running the Executive Branch of our government is deranged, unhinged, and dangerous. @60MinutesOfficer Howard Liebengood was a patriot who dedicated his life to defending the Capitol and protecting all who serve, work in and visit this temple of our Democracy. May it be a comfort to his family that so many mourn and pray with them at this sad time.Thank you to @CongBoyle for so eloquently reminding us all of our duty to wake up every day and make the decision to protect our American democracy.I have ordered the flags at the Capitol lowered to half-staff in Officer Sicknicks honor. May it be a comfort to Officer Sicknicks family that so many mourn with and pray for them at this sad time.On behalf of the House of Representatives, I send our deepest condolences to the family and loved ones of Officer Brian Sicknick, who died following the assault on the Capitol complex and protecting those who serve and work here.Read our full statement here:The Presidents dangerous acts necessitate his immediate removal from office. We look forward to hearing from the Vice President as soon as possible and to receiving a positive answer as to whether he and the Cabinet will honor their oath to the Constitution and to Americans.This morning, @SenSchumer and I placed a call to Vice President Pence to urge him to invoke the 25th Amendment which would allow the Vice President and a majority of the Cabinet to remove the President. We have not yet heard back from the Vice President.President-elect Biden has selected a team of civil rights champions and brilliant legal minds who will help ensure that our nations promise of equal justice under the law is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all.Yesterday, American democracy came under attack but we refuse to be bullied into abandoning our duty to work #ForThePeople.I will speak with reporters live at 2 pm ET at the Capitol following yesterdays assault on our American democracy. Watch here:Todays shameful assault on our democracy anointed at the highest level of government must not deter us from our responsibility to the Constitution. Tonight, we will move forward with the certification of President-elect Joe Bidens election..@SenSchumer and I are calling on President Trump to demand that all protestors leave the U.S. Capitol and Capitol grounds immediately.#AmericaHasSpoken. Watch as the Congress certifies the election of President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris.As we open the #117thCongress, our Democratic Majority is committed to working with President Biden to defeat the coronavirus.The sacred right to vote and to have a voice in our government is a core pillar of our freedom. With Congresswoman @EleanorNortons reintroduction of her #DCStatehood legislation, Democrats will once again bring this critical legislation to the floor.We owe it to the American people to #BuildBackBetter in a way that advances justice throughout our country.As we are sworn in today, we accept a responsibility as daunting and demanding as any that previous generations of leadership have faced.  Our most urgent priority will continue to be defeating the coronavirus - and defeat it, we will! #117thCongressOur work #ForThePeople continues, even in the face of this unprecedented national crisis. Tune in as I swear in Members of the #117thCongress.I am honored to be nominated by my colleagues to serve as the Speaker of the House for the #117thCongress.Hopefully it is a comfort to the Raskin family that so many are praying for them at this sad time.The House of Representatives extends our deepest and personal condolences to @RepRaskin & his family on the passing of their beloved son, Tommy, whose "brilliance and compassion knew no bounds.In three weeks, our country will inaugurate a President who respects our military, protects our security and honors the will of the Congress. Until then, the Congress urges Trump to end his desperate and dangerous sabotage.The full U.S. Congress delivered a resounding rebuke to President Trumps reckless assault on Americas military & national security by overriding his senseless veto of the National Defense Authorization Act.As Speaker, it is my honor to announce the historic selection of Catherine Szpindor to serve as the next Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: the first woman to hold this essential position.Wishing you all a #HappyNewYear. Together, we will defeat this virus and build a brighter future for all.It is my honor to announce the appointment of Rear Admiral Margaret Grun Kibben to serve as Chaplain of the U.S. House of Representatives. Her integrity, experience and patriotism will serve the Congress and the Country well.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference in Washington.I will be speaking with reporters live on Capitol Hill at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:.@COVIDOversight will continue its critical work for the American people in the 117th Congress, under the continued, masterful leadership of its chairman, @WhipClyburn.With this bipartisan vote, the House has upheld our sacred Constitutional responsibility to keep our country and our people safe, despite Trumps eleventh-hour campaign of chaos.The Presidents veto of #FY21NDAA would have denied our servicemembers hazard duty pay; our families paid family leave, child care, housing improvements & health protections; and our veterans their benefits. Tonight, the Democratic House overwhelmingly voted to override his veto.The House and the President are in agreement: we must deliver $2,000 checks to American families struggling this Holiday Season. The House just passed the #CASHAct its time for the Senate to do the same.The legislation signed tonight is a down payment on what is needed to crush the virus, put money in Americans pockets & honor our heroes. We must quickly take further action to help Americans struggling to stay afloat during this historic pandemic & economic crisis.The President must immediately call on Congressional Republicans to end their obstruction and to join him and Democrats in support of our stand-alone legislation to increase direct payment checks to $2,000, which will be brought to the Floor tomorrow.Wishing you all a Merry Christmas! This year, as we count our blessings, may we be sure to give thanks for our brave men & women in uniform across the globe and the heroic frontline workers here at home working to save lives.America owes a great debt to our nations veterans and servicemembers serving today. Thanks to leaders like @RepMikeLevin, we are taking important steps this Holiday Season to honor their service.The bipartisan COVID relief & omnibus bill has been enrolled. The House & Senate are now sending this important legislation #ForThePeople to the White House for the Presidents signature. We urge him to sign this bill into law to give immediate relief to hard-working families!Read my full statement here:This Christmas Eve morning, House Republicans cruelly deprived the American people of the $2,000 checks Trump agreed to support. On Monday, the House will hold a vote on our stand-alone bill to increase economic impact payments to $2,000.For 60 years, the National Defense Authorization Act has been passed on a bipartisan & bicameral basis. The Presidents veto of the #NDAA is an act of recklessness that harms our troops, endangers our security & undermines the will of Congress.Mr. President, sign the bill to keep government open! Urge McConnell and McCarthy to agree with the Democratic unanimous consent request for $2,000 direct payments! This can be done by noon on Christmas Eve!So thankful for @NormaJTorres's work & partnership with @RepEliotEngel on this critical issue.President-elect Biden, in nominating Dr. Miguel Cardona as Secretary of Education, has chosen a champion of our children, who brings strong policy expertise and decades of experience serving at nearly every level of our education system.Republicans repeatedly refused to say what amount the President wanted for direct checks. At last, the President has agreed to $2,000 Democrats are ready to bring this to the Floor this week by unanimous consent. Lets do it!Ten years after America took the critical step of repealing the hateful #DontAskDontTell policy, we remain committed to honoring our LGBTQ servicemembers & all those who don the uniform. Our unfinished work is to end the Trump ban on transgender troops.Pleased that we were able to get so much done #ForThePeople in the closing days of the 116th Congress, including the emergency COVID relief package. More must be done and looking forward to hitting the ground running with President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris.I am pleased to announce the @ModernizeCmte will continue its work into the 117th Congress. Under @RepDerekKilmer, this committee will advance bipartisan solutions to make the House more transparent, efficient & responsive to the needs of our communities.The removal of the statue of Robert E. Lee and its forthcoming replacement by a tribute to Barbara Johns of Virginia is welcome news. There is no room for celebrating the bigotry of the Confederacy in the Capitol or any other place of honor in our country.Congressional Democrats have reached an agreement with Republicans and the White House on an emergency coronavirus relief and omnibus package that delivers urgently needed funds to save the lives and livelihoods of the American people..@SenSchumer and I will speak with reporters shortly about the new bipartisan emergency coronavirus relief and omnibus package. Watch here:Proud to send the Johnny Isakson and David P. Roe, M.D. Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act to be signed into law w/provisions from dozens of House-passed bills to bolster education, health care, benefits and equity for veterans, including the Deborah Sampson Act.Working with the Biden-Harris Administration, the Congress will take strong, immediate action to secure our nations infrastructure and digital defenses against these attacks.News of the significant and far-reaching cyber-attacks targeting United States government agencies and corporations is further disturbing evidence that malign actors, including Russia, remain intent on undermining our national security and democracy.Today, with confidence in science & at the direction of the Office of the Attending Physician, I received the COVID-19 vaccine. As the vaccine is being distributed, we must all continue mask wearing, social distancing & other science-based steps to save lives & crush the virus.With his historic nominations of his climate team, President-elect Biden is sending a clear and resounding message: the climate crisis is real, and the Biden-Harris Administration is committed to bold and urgent action to combat it.As a Mayor, Pete Buttigieg has a profound understanding of the transportion and infrastructure challenges facing American communities. House Democrats look forward to working with the Secretary-designate as we work to Build Back Better.While the authorization of a vaccine gives us hope, we must embrace the testing, tracing, treatment, mask wearing and social distancing to prevent more senseless death until the vaccine is available to all.Our hearts are broken for the families of the 300,000 Americans who have lost their lives to COVID-19, and we are praying for them, all those who have been infected and those courageous essential workers putting themselves at risk of infection.Read my full statement here:The climate crisis is not going to end itself and our effort to confront it must continue. For the last two years, @USRepKCastor has tirelessly led the Select Committee on the @ClimateCrisis in doing exactly that. I look forward to her continued work in the 117th Congress.Twenty-four years ago, Mattie Scott turned her grief at her sons murder into a decades-long fight to confront the tragedy of gun violence & to end all forms of violence across the nation. With great pride, I appointed her to cast my vote in the Electoral College today.Eight years after the horrific murder of 20 innocent children and six educators at Sandy Hook Elementary, we continue to tell the stories of their beautiful lives and reaffirm our unwavering commitment to ending the epidemic of gun violence once & for all.Read my statement here:Five years after the nations of the world committed to working together in the #ParisAgreement, the American people remain committed to building a brighter, greener future for all even in the face of the Trump Admins systematic efforts to undermine these goals. #ActOnClimateSecretary Wilkies cover-up of a veterans sexual assault at a VA facility is extremely disturbing. He must resign immediately.Todays Emergency Use Authorization of the Pfizer vaccine is a tribute to the tireless efforts of scientists and doctors who have worked around the clock to ensure that we have a vaccine that is effective and safe.The 126 Republican Members that signed onto this unlawful & undemocratic GOP lawsuit have brought dishonor to the House and must once and for all end their election subversion immediately.The U.S. Supreme Court has rightly dismissed out of hand the sham GOP lawsuit to overturn the will of millions of American voters.The House is honored to welcome Congresswoman-elect Nikema Williams of Georgias 5th District, as she joins the most diverse House Democratic Caucus in history, ready to help @HouseDemocrats build a better, brighter future & deliver on the promise of America for all.We must remove key barriers that keep Americans from receiving the disability insurance they need quickly following their diagnosis. With my signature, we take a step in that direction and the ALS Disability Insurance Access Act heads to the Presidents desk.Nearly 292,000 Americans lost their lives in combat in World War II. As of today, the coronavirus has now killed more Americans than that deadly war. Congressional Republicans and the Trump Admin must end their deadly obstruction and join us to pass a real relief bill now.This years #RippleOfHope laureates are at the forefront of building a brighter future for all. Tune in on December 17 as @RFKHumanRights honors Dr. Anthony Fauci, @Kaepernick7, @doloreshuerta, @Dan_Schulman & @DanDSpringer.Wishing a #HappyHanukkah to all as families across the country begin to celebrate this evening!President-elect Bidens newly-announced domestic policy nominees are the lastest additions to a team defined by experience and excellence. Democrats look forward to working with these leaders.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:There is no room for celebrating the violent bigotry of men of the Confederacy in any place of honor across our country. By passing the #FY21NDAA, the Congress is upholding our values, honoring our troops and keeping the American people safe.Today, the House took crucial action to Build Back Better by passing the bipartisan Water Resources Development Act of 2020, which will strengthen and improve our nations vital water infrastructure.The Presidents proposal must not be allowed to obstruct the bipartisan Congressional talks that are underway. The bipartisan talks are the best hope for a bipartisan solution. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:While it is progress that Leader McConnell has signed off on a $916 billion offer based on the bipartisan framework, the Presidents proposal, which cuts unemployment insurance by $140 billion compared to the framework, is unacceptable.President-elect Bidens nominee for Secretary of Defense, General Lloyd Austin, brings a great understanding of the challenges facing our nations defense and a deep appreciation for the sacrifice of our military heroes and their families..@SenateMajLdr McConnells appalling efforts to undermine bipartisan negotiations make it clear: he wants our health care workers, first responders & other frontline workers to lose their jobs & our constituents to lose the essential services they provide.There just 7 days left before the end of Health Care Open Enrollment for 2021. Make sure you and your loved ones have the coverage you need for the year ahead. #GetCoveredWe cant defeat the coronavirus without the dedicated frontline workers nationwide who are doing the essential work to save lives & serve communities. We must take steps to protect their jobs and give them the resources they need to be safe & successful. #FundTheFrontLinesThe new Hong Kong National Security law has caused severe damage to the one country, two systems principle. The House-passed Hong Kong Peoples Freedom & Choice Act of 2020 provides necessary protection to residents of Hong Kong facing & fleeing political persecution.May it be a comfort to the entire Sarbanes family that so many mourn their loss and pray for them at this time.Senator Paul Sarbaness 40 years of tireless service, as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates, the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, strengthened our nation and made a difference in the lives of countless Americans.Learn more about Rep. Rainey's legacy here:150 years ago, Joseph Rainey became the first African American to be sworn into the House of Representatives. On Friday, I had the opportunity to visit this special exhibit w/ Whip Clyburn & Clerk Johnson, which will share his story & inspire so many in the fight for justice.With todays ruling to fully reinstate DACA, the Courts have once again upheld this bedrock initiative, which respects our American values and the will of the American people.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference in Washington.Tune in at 10:45 am ET as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.Our Caucus, the Congress and the nation have been blessed & strengthened by the strategic experience, bold vision and tireless service that our committee chairs bring to the table. See the latest list of chairs for the 117th Congress here:Dont miss out on this opportunity to sign up for health coverage during 2020 Open Enrollment. Sign up now at or call 1-800-318-2596 for assistance with the process to #GetCovered.Tune in as we hold a ceremonial swearing-in for Representative-elect Kwanza Hall of Georgia.Tune as I join members of the Colorado Congressional delegation to light the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree, decorated with handmade ornaments made by the people of Colorado.The need to act is immediate and we believe that with good-faith negotiations we could come to an agreement. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:While we made a new offer to Leader McConnell and Leader McCarthy on Monday, in the spirit of compromise we believe the bipartisan framework introduced by Senators yesterday should be used as the basis for immediate bipartisan, bicameral negotiations.Families are experiencing the unthinkable losses of their loved ones & many are falling into financial ruin because of the economic fallout of the pandemic. Economists are warning the US economy will fall into double-dip recession without additional federal relief from Congress.Americans are currently living through the worst stretch of the pandemic. Many family budgets & small businesses are at their breaking point. Its time for Leader McConnell to sit down with Democrats & finally begin a true, bipartisan effort to address the countrys needs.Chinas brutal sentencing of three pro-democracy leaders in Hong Kong is appalling. We call on all freedom-loving people around the world to join us in denouncing this unjust sentencing & Chinas widespread assault on Hong Kongers' autonomy & freedom.San Francisco has been on the forefront of the global fight against HIV/AIDS since the earliest cases appeared in our community over 40 years ago. Today, we reaffirm our commitment to global cooperation to end this scourge once and for all. #WorldAIDSDayQuality, affordable health coverage is more essential than ever. Sign up for coverage now at and #GetCovered.The visionary economic team nominated by President-elect Biden & Vice President-elect Harris represents a lifeline for millions of working families struggling during this devastating pandemic and economic crisis..@RepAnthonyBrown is leading the fight to ensure our nations military truly reflects our nations values.As many celebrate virtually during this extraordinarily challenging time, we take a moment to give thanks for our brave servicemembers around the world protecting our nation.In the new Congress, we will work to pass House & Senate Democrats #ProtectingOurDemocracy Act, which prevents any president from abusing the pardon power.President Trumps pardoning of Michael Flynn, who twice pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his dealings with a foreign adversary, is an act of grave corruption and a brazen abuse of power.Jim Wolfensohn was a transformative leader of @WorldBank, whose brilliant mind and bold vision for ending poverty & corruption and lifting up the vulnerable made a difference in the lives of millions. His passing is a sad loss for all fighting for a fairer, brighter future.No American with the courage & qualifications should be barred from serving our country. The Presidents ban on our brave trans servicemembers is not only a grave injustice, but is hurting our military readiness & security. @TMPCdigestWhile COVID prevents my family from serving this year, I am grateful as always for @stanthonysfs efforts to serve more than 3,000 Thanksgiving meals to members of our San Francisco community. Honored to support St. Anthonys for feeding the hungry every day. #hopeserveddailyPresident-elect Bidens selection of Shuwanza Goff to serve as his Deputy Director for Legislative Affairs is choosing a master of the legislative process.Read my full statement here:The high-powered national security and foreign policy team assembled by President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris is trusted at home and respected around the world. They will craft a sound strategy focused on meeting the challenges of the 21st Century.Today, we take time to honor & mourn the countless and too often nameless transgender Americans who have faced discrimination, violence and murder for having the courage to live as their authentic selves. #TransDayOfRemembranceTune in as I speak with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol.Today, the House sent a strong message with the passage of resolutions calling for the end of Chinas human rights abuses. The House on a bipartisan basis will always fight for freedom of religion & culture in Tibet and for the rule of law in Hong Kong.Tune in as @HouseDemocrats newly-elected leadership team comes together to discuss how our Caucus will continue our work for the people in the 117th Congress..@HouseDemocrats newly-elected leadership team for the 117th Congress will speak with reporters at the Capitol at 12:30 pm ET. Tune in here:Read my full statement here:Christopher Krebs is a deeply respected cybersecurity expert who worked diligently to safeguard our elections. Instead of rewarding this patriotic service, the President has fired Director Krebs for speaking truth to power & rejecting Trumps campaign of election falsehoods.Read my full letter with @SenSchumer here:Communities nationwide are being devastated by the dual public health & economic crises brought about by COVID-19. For the sake of the country, it is time for Leader McConnell to come to the negotiating table & work with Democrats to deliver relief for suffering Americans.Every veteran lost to suicide is a tragedy that tears at the heart of our nation. I salute @RepMarkTakano for his leadership on the bipartisan COMPACT Act which will combat the veteran suicide crisis & honor Lincoln's immortal pledge to care for those who have borne the battle."Thank you @RepMarkTakano & @VetAffairsDems for their work to curb veteran suicide and securing passage of Veterans COMPACT Act, which is headed to the Presidents desk. Just as the military leaves no one behind on the battlefield, we leave no veteran behind when they come home.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.Leader Schumer and I are speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.Tune in at 10:15 am ET as @SenSchumer and I speak with reporters live at the Capitol. Watch here:Today, #VeteransDay, I had the privilege of visiting the WWII Memorial to honor the courage & sacrifice of the heroes who serve our nation in uniform. Our veterans deserve more than our gratitude. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice & that of their families.Honored to speak with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau today about COVID response efforts, trade & economic development, the climate crisis, & our shared commitment to NATO. Always pleased to hear his firm commitment to working together to bolster our strong U.S.-Canada relationship.Read my full statement here:Our veterans deserve more than the appreciation of a grateful nation. They have protected & built our country, and they deserve our tireless commitment to advancing their opportunity. We must build a brighter future worthy of their sacrifice & that of their families. #VeteransDayDemocrats believe this lawsuit has no merit, and we will continue to fight to make coverage more affordable and accessible for all Americans. #SaveTheACA Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:If the Trump-GOP lawsuit is successful, more than 20 million Americans could lose their health care coverage, 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions could lose protections, and drug costs could skyrocket for seniors.Republicans have tried and failed to repeal the ACA at least 70 times in Congress and twice through the courts, but as was heard in todays oral arguments, the Supreme Court must be deferential to Congresss intent and uphold the law.More than 130 million Americans live with pre-existing conditions. Today, Republicans single-minded effort to tear the ACAs protections away from these Americans in the middle of a pandemic is before the Supreme Court. #SaveTheACAIf Republicans get their way:  No more preventative care requirement No more pre-existing condition protections No more Medicaid expansion Women will be charged more for care  #SaveTheACARead my full statement here:We are praying that the early evidence of vaccine efficacy & safety holds true so that the vaccine can be approvednot one day sooner or later than it is ready. Until then, we must crush the virus with testing, tracing, treatment, mask wearing & social distancing to save lives.In President-elect Joe Biden, Americans elected a leader ready on Day One. Working together with President Biden and Vice President Harris, we have the opportunity to deliver extraordinary progress For The People.We kept the republic! Congratulations to Joe Biden on his victory for the soul of our country. Congratulations to Kamala Harris for making history. Its a time to heal and a time to grow together. E Pluribus Unum.Tune in as I speak with reporters this morning in Washington.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:The scale of the sorrow experienced by families & communities across our country this year is almost impossible to imagine. Thank you, @sbfirstenberg & @chefjoseandres, for bringing the moving @inamericaflags into existence to honor the more than 230,000 lives weve lost.Affordable health coverage is more essential than ever during the pandemic. Families can rest assured that Democrats will continue to fight so millions of Americans will have access to quality, affordable plans through the ACA marketplace. #GetCoveredThe Trump Administrations pitiful response to the coronavirus crisis is the latest reminder that they have no respect for people in need. Democrats are committed to fighting to put #FamiliesFirst. @mitchellreportsAs our nation fights this coronavirus, we must insist on facts & truth and the truth is that the Trump Administration has failed miserably in responding to this virus..@RepJasonCrow is right: American democracy is not inevitable and the best way we can protect it is by exercising our right to vote.Cecilia Chiang dedicated her career to lifting up Chinese culinary heritage. Her work brought this celebrated tradition to people in San Francisco & nationwide, and paved the way for women & immigrants to enter the culinary field. She will be missed.Over 800k of the 1.1 million who recently left the workforce due to the pandemic are women 40% are Latinas. We must make #EqualPay the law of the land, so that a Latina doesn't have to work for 22 months to earn the same as a white male. #LatinaEqualPayDayTune in as I speak with reporters during my weekly press conference live from the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Tune in here:This morning, as our nation approaches nine million COVID-19 cases and a quarter of a million lives lost, I sent a letter to @stevenmnuchin1 seeking the Trump Admins responses on several outstanding items in COVID relief negotiations. Read my letter here:The best thing the President can do for our country is to stand up and take the results of this election like a man. #MSNBCLiveFor months, @HouseDemocrats have fought to deliver relief for American families and yet President Trump and Congressional Republicans have refused to work with us to put #FamiliesFirst. #MSNBCLivePaul & I were deeply saddened to hear of Barbara Taylors passing. Barbara was a tireless advocate for transparency & a brilliant journalist. May it be a comfort to her husband, Mark, and their family & friends that so many mourn with them.Reliable high-speed internet isnt a luxury it is a necessity as communities confront the COVID-19 pandemic. The FCCs repeal of #NetNeutrality is a blow against small businesses and students nationwide. We will not give up the fight to restore the free & open internet.On this solemn anniversary, all Americans must come together to condemn these heinous acts and honor our values of freedom and diversity.Two years after an unspeakable act of terrorism & anti-Semitic hatred stole the lives of eleven peaceful worshipers at the Tree of Life Synagogue, we continue to mourn with the families of those who were lost.The Presidents Supreme Court manipulation threatens the very values and rights that define and distinguish our nation. #SCOTUS Read my full statement here:President Trump and Senate Republicans have committed an act of supreme desperation: jamming through a Supreme Court nominee just eight days before Election Day as part of their years-long campaign to destroy Americans health care..@HouseDemocrats are fighting for: -Food for the hungry families -Rent assistance for those facing eviction -Strategic plan to crush the virus Its time for Republicans to accept the science and work with us to achieve these and other goals laid out in the #HeroesAct.Until the GOP can agree that science and governance are the key to crushing the virus, the pandemic will continue to destroy the lives and livelihoods of the American people. #MSNBCLiveIn a victory for justice, our Constitution and our American Democracy, a federal court ruled today that President Trumps effort to block an accurate count of the whole number of persons in our country is unconstitutional.With the stroke of his pen, the President tries to undermine the value of public service. His action is an outrage and Democrats will fight it. Once again, he proves himself unworthy of the office he holds.I will be speaking reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Tune in here:Americans in dire need deserve action in time for them to receive relief before their November rent is due. Republicans must step up and work with us to deliver. @mitchellreportsThere is no reason Americas schools shouldnt be the safest place for our children to learn and thrive. House Democrats are committed to ensuring any relief agreement delivers the safe learning environment our children deserve. @mitchellreportsHelping the most vulnerable members of our communities isnt only the compassionate thing to do it is the best way to protect the economy as the fight to defeat the coronavirus moves forward. #TheReidOutFor decades, SNAP has been a lifeline in the fight against hunger and a proven pathway out of poverty for millions. The Courts are clear: the Trump Admins rule stealing food off the table of over one million struggling Americans is contrary to the law.The Trump Administration must negotiate in good faith. They told us they would put a light touch on our most recent proposal for testing & tracing. Instead, they took a chainsaw to the proposal, cutting more than half of our proposal. #ThisWeekCommunities of color & working families across this country have been subjected to the very worst of the coronavirus crisis. Republicans must work with us to protect lives & livelihoods nationwide.It is already clear that compassion will not drive Republicans to help the millions of Americans struggling financially from this crisis. But perhaps they can recognize the stimulating effect that helping struggling families will have on our economy. #DeadlineWHBecause of President Trumps assault on the #2020Census, tonight is the last chance to make sure you and your family are counted. Fill out your census form by clicking here:The GOP gave a $150 billion tax giveaway to the wealthiest in America, but now claim we cannot afford to provide expanded benefits for the unemployed.  The GOP needs to get serious & work with Democrats to come to an agreement that helps working families. #LastWordWe want to have an agreement. Yet Republicans refuse to ensure that such an agreement puts #FamiliesFirst. #LastWordRead my full statement here:Todays Supreme Court decision enables the Presidents attack on the Census. A fair & accurate count is essential to ensuring all Americans have a voice in our democracy. The House will continue to fight in the courts & in Congress to protect the Census.Whether you came out years ago, are speaking your truth today, or are planning for the future, never doubt that you have the support of countless Americans nationwide. You are loved. #NationalComingOutDayTune in as @RepRaskin and I discuss the introduction of the Commission on Presidential Capacity to Discharge the Powers and Duties of Office Act.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:President Trump has shown his true colors: walking away from coronavirus relief negotiations and refusing to give real help to poor children, the unemployed, and Americas hard working families.We must ensure that Americans have access to the testing, tracing and treatment that they need to make it through this crisis especially communities of color, which have been so disproportionately affected by this pandemic. #MSNBCLiveWe must crush this coronavirus and protect the Affordable Care Act to ensure Americans have access to the health care they need now more than ever. #FamiliesFirst @FaceTheNation.@NewDemCoalition Chairman @RepDerekKilmer perfectly illustrates the community-level impact of this health & economic crisis. We have a duty to deliver relief for our fellow Americans. #HeroesActToday, thanks to the leadership of @RepJayapal and @HouseDemWomen, the House called on @DHSgov to end the infliction of unwanted, life-altering & inhumane medical procedures on immigrant women.Today, Republicans blocked the House from delivering urgent relief for tens of thousands of airline workers standing on the brink of having their livelihoods ripped away.  Either the @HouseGOP isn't serious about meeting the challenge facing our country, or they do not care.Honored to join my @HouseDemWomen colleagues tonight to pay tribute to the legacy of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Her memory inspires us to continue the fight for justice & equality for all.Thank you to @NitaLowey for shepherding this Continuing Resolution through the Congress, averting a catastrophic shutdown in the middle of the ongoing pandemic. With my signature, this agreement, which will keep government open through December 11, goes to the Presidents desk.The House will be proceeding with our vote tonight on the updated #HeroesAct in order to formalize our proffer to Republicans in the negotiations to address the health and economic catastrophe in our country.Today, @stevenmnuchin1 and I had an extensive conversation and we found areas where we are seeking further clarification. Our conversation will continue.This Supreme Court nomination fight is about preserving Americans' right to pre-existing condition protections. It is about protecting womens health care. It is about defending each and every benefit of the Affordable Care Act. @Morning_JoeThanks to the leadership of Rep. @RepDebHaaland & @NormaJTorres, we are taking an important step toward justice for survivors and addressing the horrific #MMIW crisis. With my signature, the Not Invisible Act and Savannas Act both head to the Presidents desk.We take an oath to protect and defend. The public has a right to know who the President owes hundreds of millions of dollars to. This is a question of national security. @mitchellreportsIt is a sign of President Trumps disdain for Americas working families that he has spent years abusing the tax code while passing a GOP Tax Scam for the rich that gives 83 percent of the benefits to the wealthiest 1 percent.The Presidents resistance to science, facts and the reality on the ground has made it all the more necessary for us to take action to fight this virus. #CNNSOTUIf you have a pre-existing medical condition If your adult children are on your insurance policy If you are a woman  Know that the President is rushing through his Supreme Court nominee so he can overturn the Affordable Care Act. #CNNSOTURead my full statement here:For four years, President Trump has tried to crush the Affordable Care Act. With his Supreme Court nominee, he is threatening the destruction of every benefit and protection of the ACA, including life-saving protections for 135 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.Today, we gathered to honor the legacy of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Justices Ginsburgs towering intellect, tenacity and devotion to our nations founding ideals of equality and justice inspired millions around the world. Now, we must continue her work.Members of the House & Senate are coming together on the steps of the U.S. Capitol as we say goodbye to Justice Ginsburg for the last time.Justice Ginsburg embodied justice, brilliance & goodness. Her passing is an incalculable loss for our democracy and for all who strive to build a better future for our children. Today, she lies in state in the U.S. Capitol as we honor her legacy.President Trumps bogus executive order on pre-existing conditions isnt worth the paper its signed on..@RepDerekKilmer and the @ModernizeCmte continue to lead the way on making Congress work better #ForThePeople through bipartisan solutions to modernize the Congress.Together, we mourn the more than 200,000 men, women and children who we have lost to this virus. We owe it to their families and friends to do all we can to defeat this virus and support the heroes who are fighting to save lives today and in the weeks to come.Tune in as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.Thats why the House passed the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act this summer. We owe it to Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, Philando Castile and so many others to finally bring an end to police brutality.Breonna Taylor should be alive today. She should be living and laughing and loving. Instead, her family is left continuing the search for justice. Today's charging decision holds no one accountable for her death.President Trump has trampled on American democracy.  But House Democrats will protect and strengthen it for generations to come.  The #ProtectingOurDemocracy Act will prevent presidential abuses, restore our system of checks & balances and protect our elections.Today, @HouseDemocrats are taking action to preserve American democracy for future generations as we introduce the #ProtectingOurDemocracy Act.Your vote is your voice.  Use it by taking part in #NationalVoterRegistrationDay and visitPresident Trump wants politics to determine how we approach fighting this virus. That is sinful. #innersPresident Trump & Mitch McConnell are rushing to vote on the next Supreme Court Justice so they can tear the protections provided by the Affordable Care Act away from millions of Americans. #innersWe continue to pray for the families who have lost loved ones & those whose ongoing health has been jeopardized by the coronavirus.President Trumps contempt for science, governance & the American peoples health has led to an historic national tragedy. Republicans must accept the gravity of this crisis & vote on the science-based strategy in the #HeroesAct, which passed the House more than four months ago.More than 200,000 men, women and children have lost their lives to this coronavirus in the United States. Our hearts break for them and their loved ones. The pain is made worse by the simple fact that it didnt have to be this way.Read my full statement here:Nearly 200,000 Americans have died. Almost seven million Americans have been infected. The sudden removal of CDC guidelines on airborne coronavirus spread is the latest sign of the Trump Admins broken response to this crisis, which continues to cost American lives.President Trump and his henchmen have threatened to not accept the results of the November election. We have a responsibility to do all we can to protect the integrity of our democracy. #ThisWeekThe outpouring of love & support we have seen in honor of Ruth Bader Ginsburg is only fitting as we reflect on the life of this truly remarkable person. #ThisWeekThree years after Hurricane Maria ravaged communities in Puerto Rico & the U.S. Virgin Islands, we continue to hold all those impacted in our hearts. We remain committed to ensuring our fellow Americans have the resources they need to build back stronger than ever.Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg may have been petite in size, but the impact she left on America was immense. May her memory be a blessing and inspire each of us to work toward a more equal, more just future for all.As America approaches 200,000 lives lost to the coronavirus, it is clearer than ever that we must enact the #HeroesAct. Thanks to leaders like @RepDMP, we will ensure America has a science-based strategy for defeating this pandemic.Read my full statement here:We must honor Justice Ginsburgs trailblazing career and safeguard her powerful legacy by ensuring that the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court upholds her commitment to equality, opportunity and justice for all.Ruth Bader Ginsburg embodied justice, brilliance and goodness. Her passing is an incalculable loss for our democracy and for all who sacrifice and strive to build a better future for our children.Tonight, the flags are flying at half staff over the Capitol to honor the patriotism of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Every woman and girl, and therefore every family, in America has benefitted from her brilliance.At this time of celebration and introspection, let us come together in hope that this #RoshHashanah brings a year of good health and prosperity for the Jewish community, for America and for the world.All of San Francisco stands with the St. Gregory Armenian Apostolic Church community following this mornings suspected arson. Know that you are a beloved part of our San Francisco family.Tune in as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.125 days after the passage of the #HeroesAct, House and Senate Democrats are standing strong to support frontline workers and deliver the tools, resources and job security they need to continue their life-saving work. We must #FundTheFrontLines.As America approaches 200,000 lives lost to the coronavirus, it is clearer than ever that we desperately need the $75 billion for testing and tracing in the #HeroesAct.Dr. Jane Goodalls message is a reminder of the hope that people all around the world have to stand #TogetherOnClimate.Every single day, Americans nationwide are living with substance use and mental health disorders. We must do all we can to support them & bring an end to the addiction crisis gripping our communities. #CongressGoesPurpleAmerica continues to hold Army Specialist Vanessa Guillen's family in our hearts. Today, I spoke to her loved ones about securing justice for Vanessa & gave them my commitment that @RepSpeiers #IAmVanessaGuillen Act will receive a vote on the House Floor.Americans lives & livelihoods depend on Republicans abandoning their obsession with doing as little as possible while the coronavirus rages through our nation. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:It's encouraging to see that the President is now calling on Republicans to go for the much higher numbers after months of Senate GOP efforts to shortchange Americans needs. We look forward hearing from his negotiators that they will finally meet us halfway. #FamiliesFirstNowRepublicans should know this about me by now: I count playing with the safety of our children as fighting words. We have a duty to do our best to protect them from this virus. @Morning_JoeOur Latino community has always been a central part of our American story. This #HispanicHeritageMonth and every month, House Democrats are committed to lifting up our Latino community and opposing the Trump Admins campaign of hatred & xenophobia.If true, the appalling conditions described at an ICE detention facility including allegations of mass hysterectomies performed on immigrant women are a staggering abuse of human rights. @DHSOIG must immediately investigate these allegations.Our hearts are with the families of those lost in wildfires on the West Coast, and all who have lost their homes and livelihoods as a result of these disasters. We are grateful, as always, for the heroic efforts of the firefighters & other first responders working to save lives.The main way we can open our economy & open our schools is to crush the virus. Instead, President Trump is focused on trying to crush the Affordable Care Act at the time when we need it most. #MSNBCLiveFour years of President Trump caving to Big Pharma have culminated in this sham. Trumps latest empty announcement is an insult to all the seniors and families who are still waiting for real action to lower their prescription drug costs.For 26 years, the Violence Against Women Act has united our communities & our nation in the fight against domestic violence in America. Leader McConnell must end his blockade of the #VAWA Reauthorization Act, which passed the House in 2019.Grateful to Bono for joining us today for the 19th annual G7 Speakers Meeting & driving home our responsibility to protect the most basic foundations of our democracies. #TogetherOnClimate #G7ParliamentSecretary @JohnKerrys address to our #G7Parliament meeting was a striking call-to-action. I hope you will take a moment to listen. #TogetherOnClimateGrateful to @GinaNRDC & @DrBobBullard for enlightening us on the issues of environmental, racial and economic injustice during todays #G7Parliament meeting. Your insights are invaluable as we seek to secure an equitable future for all.Read our joint declaration in full here:Following the end of todays meeting, the G7 Speakers & Heads of Parliament released a joint declaration focusing on the need for strong international action to combat the disparities in health & financial security that have been highlighted by the climate crisis & #COVID19.As a global community, we must ensure that we not only end COVID-19, but that all communities equitably benefit from equitable recovery. Thank you to Secretary @Madeleine Albright, @rajshah and Dr. Jim Yong Kim for joining us for an engaging conversation!Such a privilege to have Secretary @JohnKerry address our #G7Parliament meeting today. Thank you for bringing the urgency to address the climate crisis into such stark focus. #TogetherOnClimateOnce again, thank you to @USRepKCastor for joining us today for an engaging conversation about combatting the #ClimateCrisis. #G7Parliament #TogetherOnClimateA critical message from Dr. Jane Goodall that we simply cannot afford to ignore. #G7Parliament #TogetherOnClimateThank you to Secretary @JohnKerry for joining us to share a special message with this years #G7Parliament meeting. #TogetherOnClimateThank you to Secretary @ErnestMoniz and Dr. Jane Goodall (@JaneGoodallInst) for joining this years #G7Parliament meeting to discuss the urgent need for action to confront the climate crisis. #TogetherOnClimateHis Holiness the @DalaiLamas voice is always a critical one in conversations of global justice. Take moment to watch his message to todays #G7Parliament meeting. #TogetherOnClimateThis is our charge: harnessing our collective resources, willpower and determination to advance a better, more just future for all members of our collective global family. #G7Parliament #TogetherOnClimateAs the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact communities around the world, we have a responsibility to ensure our recovery from this crisis is sustainable and equitable. #G7Parliament #TogetherOnClimateIt was a great privilege to welcome His Holiness the @DalaiLama to address the 2020 #G7Parliament meeting.A smart, strategic approach to #COVID19 and the #ClimateCrisis provides the opportunity to get people back to work & school safely, and recover from todays economic crisis while laying a foundation for a resilient, equitable economy that lifts all communities. #G7ParliamentThe climate crisis impacts every community but it does not do so equally. Only by working together can we address the #ClimateCrisis with economic and environmental justice for all. #G7Parliament #TogetherOnClimateIt is a pleasure to have @USRepKCastor join us today for a #G7Parliament conversation about advancing environmental, racial and economic justice worldwide. #TogetherOnClimateWe can only solve the challenges facing our global community with a coordinated, international response. As Speaker of the House, it is my honor to host the 19th annual G7 Speakers Meeting. #G7Parliament #TogetherOnClimateIt is my privilege to host this years #G7Parliament meeting on behalf of the United States as my colleagues and I come together to discuss confronting #coronavirus, standing #TogetherOnClimate, and securing economic & environmental justice.Just 30 minutes left until we kick off the #G7Parliament meeting for 2020. Be sure to tune in at 7 am ET:Tomorrow, my #G7Parliament colleagues and I will come together to discuss how the world can work together to confront the #ClimateCrisis & #COVID19. Tune in here at 7 am ET:Took time today to meet with @HoCSpeaker Rota & reflect on the lives of so many North Americans lost on 9/11. Appreciated the opportunity to discuss security, wildfires, climate, trade, COVID & other issues. I look forward to continuing our discussions. #G7ParliamentWhile we pray that time may have diminished the pain and grief felt by those who lost loved ones, it will never dim the memories of those who perished or lessen our gratitude for our heroes and all those who have bravely served our nation since September 11. #NeverForgetWe will #NeverForget the courage, patriotism and compassion shown by our firefighters, police officers and first responders who rushed into danger and we will never forget the unity and strength that we found in the weeks that followed.Nineteen years after #September11th, we come together as a nation to remember the fallen and gain inspiration from the resilience and patriotism that Americans showed at one of our darkest hours. #NeverForgetMembers of the House are coming together for a moment of silence marking 19 years since the terror attacks of September 11, 2001. #NeverForgetAt 8:46 am ET, Members of the House will come together for a moment of silence as our nation observes the National Day of Service and Remembrance, marking 19 years since the terror attacks of September 11, 2001. #NeverForgetIf you see a train coming, you tell people to get out of the way.  The President saw the virus coming and told the American people it was a hoax. #TheReidOutSecretary DeVoss assault on public schools is a blatant violation of the law, as has been repeatedly found by the Courts. Read our brief filed today in federal court here:The behavior we have witnessed by the President these past 24 hours shows the contempt he has for the lives & livelihoods of the American people. #TheReidOutTodays District Court ruling is a resounding victory for the effort to ensure that all people who live in America are counted in the #2020Census, as was intended by our Founders and confirmed by the Congress.The Postal Service is a pillar of our democracy. Today, the House took steps to defend this essential service from the Trump Admins sabotage campaign by filing briefs in three cases before federal courts. #DontMessWithUSPS Learn more here:The White House and Republican Senators need to accept the gravity of the crisis facing American communities and work with Democrats to #FundTheFrontLines. Our state & local heroes need our support so they can keep working to save lives. Pass the #HeroesAct now!Tune in as I speak with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol.Pleased to meet with Japan Speaker Oshima to discuss climate, succession, the importance of continued strong US-Japan relations, COVID response and recovery, and economic & regional security matters. Looking forward to a productive #G7Parliament Meeting this Saturday.The Presidents own words spell out the devastating truth: Trump was fully aware of the catastrophic nature of the coronavirus but hid the facts and refused to take the threat seriously, leaving our entire country exposed and unprepared. #TrumpKnewThe Good Friday Agreement is the bedrock of peace in Northern Ireland. If the U.K. violates its international agreements & Brexit undermines the Good Friday accord, there will be absolutely no chance of a U.S.-U.K. trade agreement passing the Congress.Its been 116 days since the House passed the Heroes Act and the Senate GOP are finally waking up to the damage their decision to take a pause has caused in communities nationwide. Republicans must stop blocking efforts to pass the policies included in the #HeroesAct into law.Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:Leader McConnell is finally realizing the damage caused by his one-sided pause to Americas coronavirus response. Yet a quick glance at his emaciated bill reveals it is designed to allow vulnerable GOP Senators to check the box," while failing to put #FamiliesFirst.Over generations, working people across America built the middle class and secured progress for hard-working families. House Democrats are unified in our commitment to Americas working families. Happy #LaborDay!Leader McConnell may have declared a pause to Americas coronavirus response, but it is clear the virus never did the same. It has been 114 days since the #HeroesAct passed the House. Enough waiting. Americas families need action now. #AMJoyThe sad state of Americas coronavirus response today is the result of President Trumps failure to lead these past months and Mitch McConnells one-sided pause. We cant waste a day. The Senate must pass the #HeroesAct or the situation will worsen.Few know more about our education system than @BobbyScott. When he says schools wont be able to protect students, staff & families w/o significant federal funding, it must be taken seriously. The @SenateGOP must work with us to deliver for communities nationwide. #HeroesActPresident Trumps insulting comments about our men and women in uniform are appalling. Our military deserves a Commander-in-Chief who respects their service. Clearly, Trump does not.With millions still unemployed, particularly in communities of color, the #JobsReport is a reminder of the urgent need to enact the #HeroesAct, as the economic recovery stimulated by Congresss early & robust investments continues to slow down.The Trump Admins politically motivated efforts to rush the #Census count are a threat to reach an accurate count. Read my letter with @SenSchumer calling for full disclosure of the Admins decision-making process here:My heart goes out to Daniel Prudes family and all who loved him. Daniel deserves justice and his loved ones deserve a full investigation into his death last March.Just when frontline workers nationwide most need Washington to work for them, Republicans are still refusing to accept the gravity of this crisis. The White House and Republican Senate need to get serious and work with Democrats to #FundTheFrontLines.It has been 111 days since the House passed the #HeroesAct, and still Republicans in the Senate remain determined to block this plan to help Americas working families. Enough is enough. The Senate must put #FamiliesFirst and finally pass the Heroes Act.We will forever be in debt to these heroic men and valiant women for their service and sacrifice. #WWII75Today, we mark 75 years since the end of World War II and honor the courageous efforts of those who stood together against tyranny. #WWII75We have a duty to protect children, teachers and families impacted by this pandemic. Tune in as @SFUnified School District leaders and educators join me in the Mission to call on the Republican Senate to put #FamiliesFirst and pass the #HeroesAct.From the start, President Trump has denied the facts about how to best fight the coronavirus. Now, he wants Americans to put loyalty to him ahead of the health of their children, parents, and siblings. #DeadlineWHMake no mistake: the President is trying to confuse the American people and make it less likely that they will turnout to vote. Do not let his tricks keep you from exercising your right to vote. #DeadlineWHRead my letter with @RepAdamSchiff & @RepVisclosky here:.@DNI_Ratcliffes abrupt decision to cancel previously scheduled election-related briefings for Members of Congress is deeply troubling. The American people have a right to know about ongoing foreign efforts to influence their votes.Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:Right now, 40 million Americans are at risk of eviction. Through no fault of their own, they can't make rent payments. And yet, more than 100 days after the House passed the #HeroesAct, Republicans still refuse to deliver critically needed rental assistance. #FamiliesFirstRepublicans have made it clear: they do not understand the gravity of the situation facing Americas working families. The #HeroesAct includes the solutions we need to get a handle on this crisis. #innersPresident Trumps actions prove that he still does not grasp the gravity of the coronavirus crisis, even as America passes the tragic milestone of more than 6 million COVID-19 cases nationwide. #FamiliesFirstTodays unprecedented ruling by a D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals panel is a challenge to our system of checks & balances, and is at odds with Supreme Court precedent. The House will immediately pursue an en banc rehearing of this decision..@SteveScalise tried to steal @AdyBarkans health care with more than 60 votes to repeal or undermine Americans health care.  Now, hes trying to steal Adys words by lying. Congressman Scalise must take his doctored video down and apologize immediately.The American people have both the right and the need to know that another nation, Russia, is trying to help decide who their president should be. Read my statement with @RepAdamSchiff:The Office of the Director of National Intelligences decision to cancel all election security briefings for the Congress is a shocking abdication of its responsibility to keep Congress informed.As Americans across the country come together for the #VirtualMarchOnWashington, we give thanks for the generations of leaders who came before, and for all who are continuing the work to secure change today.President Trumps fear tactics have one goal: to convince Americans not to exercise their right to vote. Do not listen to him. Do not let him succeed. @thebeatwithari #DontMessWithUSPSA short time ago, I spoke with White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows. It is clear that the Administration continues to disregard the needs of the American people as the coronavirus crisis devastates lives & livelihoods.We stand on the shoulders of those who came before us. Whether it was Seneca Falls, Selma, or Stonewall, our mission is this: to shorten the distance between what is seen as inevitable and that which is inconceivable. We must protect the right to vote. #LSSCDemocrats are fighting to save lives, livelihoods, and the life of our democracy. Tune in as I discuss this and more with reporters at the U.S. Capitol. #FamiliesFirstI will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:Ill be joining @stephenathome live tonight to discuss our ongoing efforts to protect lives, livelihoods and the life of our democracy. Tune in to watch the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:35 pm ET.Today marks 103 days since the House took action to protect lives, livelihoods and the life of our democracy during this pandemic. How long must Americans wait for Leader McConnell to finally put #FamiliesFirst and allow a vote?Read my full statement here:One hundred years ago, the work of generations of women was realized with the adoption of the 19th Amendment. Today, we honor their efforts, as well as the efforts of countless women of color whose struggle for suffrage continued in the decades that followed. #WomensEqualityDayToday, we remember two extraordinary patriots who left us on August 25th: Ted Kennedy and John McCain, the bipartisan lions of the Senate. May their patriotism, greatness and fighting spirits move us to carry on their mission to build a more perfect union.This is Day 102 of Leader McConnells blockade of the #HeroesAct. In that time, 4.3 million Americans have been diagnosed with COVID-19 and 90,000 more lives have been lost in communities nationwide. RT if you think the Senate should pass the Heroes Act immediately!Read my full statement here:Its official: if President Trump gets his way, the sacred promise of #SocialSecurity will be shattered by mid-2023. Democrats will stand strong for Americas seniors and Social Security beneficiaries.Trillions of dollars are being used to bolster the Stock Market. America must take steps to support hardworking families nationwide as well. #FamiliesFirst #MSNBCLiveWe can and we must make progress to save Black Lives and we can start by enacting the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act, which the House passed more than eight weeks ago. Its time for the Senate to act.The prayers of Americans nationwide are with Jacob Blake as he fights for his life following yesterdays outrageous shooting in Kenosha, WI. We owe it to Jacob, his children, and all Black Americans to bring an end to racial injustice and police brutality.Millions of children are hungry. Millions of Americans are facing eviction. Democrats are fighting for real solutions for all Americans. Thats why, 100 days ago, we passed the #HeroesAct to support frontline heroes and hardworking families nationwide. #CNNSOTURepublicans are complicit in President Trumps efforts to undermine the integrity of our elections. #CNNSOTUToday, in a bipartisan vote, the House passed the Delivering for America Act, critical legislation to reverse the Presidents damage and provide $25 billion to the @USPS. We are committed to protecting this essential service for all Americans. #DontMessWithUSPSThe FDA must approve drugs or vaccines based on their safety and effectiveness NOT political pressure from the White House.  The Presidents dangerous attempt to inject himself into the scientific decisions of @US_FDA jeopardizes the health & well-being of all Americans.Tune in for my conversation with reporters as the House prepares to pass legislation defending the Postal Service from the Trump Administrations assault. #DontMessWithUSPSToday, the House will take a stand and reject the Trump Administrations efforts to undermine the critical mission of the Postal Service. #DontMessWithUSPS Tune in as I speak with reporters at 12 noon ET:.@RepMaloney is leading the charge to end the Trump Administrations attack on the Postal Service. Tomorrow, the House will pass her legislation protecting this critical lifeline for Americans nationwide. #DontMessWithUSPSLast year, 1.2 billion prescriptions were sent through the mail. Protecting the Postal Service is critical to protecting Americans health, especially the health of our veterans, during this national crisis. #DontMessWithUSPS #PBSNewsWe cannot allow Republicans bigoted anti-LGBTQ agenda to deny vulnerable children the opportunity to find a loving & safe home. With this brief, House Democrats reaffirm our commitment to oppose these deeply offensive efforts:The Trump assault on the Postal Service isnt just a threat to the life of our democracy it impacts the health of Americans in communities across the country. This Saturday, the House will take action. #DontMessWithUSPSDemocrats remain committed to protecting the @USPS, and will vote this Saturday on @RepMaloneys Delivering for America Act, providing $25 billion in support of the Postal Service as the USPS Board of Governors recommended, 100 percent appointed by Trump.This, taken with his unwillingness to plan for adequate worker overtime, directly jeopardizes the election and threatens to disenfranchise voters in communities of color, while also slowing delivery of medicines to veterans.Earlier today, I spoke with Postmaster General DeJoy regarding his alleged pause in operational changes. During our conversation, he admitted he has no intention of replacing the sorting machines, blue mailboxes and other infrastructure that have been removed.Postmaster General DeJoys announcement today only halts a limited number of his changes, does not reverse damage already done, and alone is not enough to ensure voters will not be disenfranchised by the President this fall. #DontMessWithUSPS #DeadlineWHWe will not stop fighting to ensure the Postal Service is protected in the months ahead. Thank you to Supervisor @shamannwalton and postal union leaders for joining me in the Bayview today to defend this essential service for American seniors and families. #DontMessWithUSPSRead my full statement here:Nice try, Postmaster General DeJoy, but the House will still be passing our bill to ensure the delivery of the mail through the election. We will deliver for America by voting on Saturday. #DontMessWithUSPSSocial Security benefits. Prescriptions. Paychecks. Tax returns. Absentee ballots. Americans rely on the Postal Service to deliver them all. Today, Democrats are sending a strong message to the Trump Admin: #DontMessWithUSPS!This report serves as a chilling reminder that Leader McConnells obstruction of meaningful election security legislation is leaving our democracy exposed to foreign attack.The Senates bipartisan report further exposes the alarming lengths to which Donald Trump & his campaign welcomed & relied upon foreign interference in 2016.Today, I am joining Democrats across the country in participating in a Day of Action in support of the Postal Service. #DontMessWithUSPS Tune in here at 12 noon PT to watch:Wishing a very Happy Birthday to Rosalynn Carter today. Rosalynn, every day you inspire people around the world to work towards a better future for all. Thank you for your work with @RCICaregiving and so much more. #MrsCarterBirthdayRead my letter to Members here:The assault by President Trump & his mega-donor Postmaster General Louis DeJoy on the Postal Service threatens lives, livelihood & life of our American democracy. I am calling on the House to return to vote on Chairwoman Maloneys "Delivering for America Act." #DontMessWithUSPSToday, @SenSchumer, @RepMaloney & @SenGaryPeters join me in an urgent call for Postmaster General DeJoy and @USPS Board of Governors Chair Duncan to testify before the Congress.Alarmingly, Postmaster General DeJoy has acted as an accomplice in the Presidents effort to cheat the election and manipulate the Postal Service to deny eligible voters access to the ballot in pursuit of his own re-election. #DontMessWithUSPSIf you or someone you know in San Francisco needs assistance, know that my team is ready and waiting to help. Learn more here:Wonderful to see 10-year-old Raghad reunited with her family in San Francisco after so many months apart! Glad my staff could escalate her visa case with the State Department.For 85 years, #SocialSecurity has stood as a fundamental promise that a lifetime of hard work will be met with the dignity of a secure retirement. Democrats are committed to protecting Social Security and ensuring a secure retirement for all Americans.Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:The Postal Service is a pillar of American Democracy. President Trumps assault on @USPS threatens to starve it of the funds that it needs to deliver Americans absentee ballots. The Presidents actions and even his own words confirm: he needs to cheat to win. #DontMessWithUSPSToday, we mark #BlackWomensEqualPayDay the day in 2020 when Black womens pay finally catches up with white mens for 2019. We all must do our part every single day to shrink this gap. The House passed the #PaycheckFairness Act over a year ago. Whats your excuse, @senategop?The differences between Democrats plan to combat the coronavirus & the meager proposals presented by the Trump Administration and Republicans in Congress could not be more stark. #FamiliesFirstWith families nationwide struggling to make ends meet & children going hungry, Republicans are playing politics and refusing to put #FamiliesFirst. Its time for them to get serious, meet us halfway & come back to the negotiating table.89 days ago, @HouseDemocrats passed the #HeroesAct including critical funding to feed children & families struggling to make ends meet. They deserve real solutions not Leader McConnells minuscule proposal. #MSNBCLiveRead my letter with @RepMaloney and 173 other Representatives:The smooth functioning of the @USPS during the COVID-19 pandemic is a matter of life-or-death, and is critical for protecting lives, livelihoods and the life of our democracy. Postmaster General DeJoy must reverse new policies which accelerate the crisis at the Postal Service.Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:Democrats have compromised. Repeatedly, we have made clear to the Trump Admin that we are willing to come down $1 trillion if they will come up $1 trillion. However, it is clear that the Admin still does not grasp the magnitude of the problems that American families are facing.Right now, children in America are going hungry and yet Republicans refuse to deliver the unemployment insurance & nutrition assistance their families need. Grateful to all who are fasting today & otherwise calling for Republicans to work with Democrats to #SaveThe600!Republicans refused to take action to feed hungry children nationwide during this pandemic but they did make sure to give business a massive tax break for corporate lunches. #TheReidOutAmerican voters decide American elections. The Intelligence Community must provide the people with the information necessary to understand how Russia is trying to influence the 2020 Elections. #FoxNewsSundayPresident Trumps meager executive actions do little for working families. Republicans must come back to the negotiating table, meet us halfway and work toward a compromise that will truly help American workers and families. #FamiliesFirst #FoxNewsSundayDemocrats repeat our call to Republicans to return to the table, meet us halfway and work together to deliver immediate relief to the American people. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:Todays meager announcements show President Trump still does not comprehend the seriousness or the urgency of the health and economic crises facing working families. These policies provide little real help for families.American women fought hard to win the right to vote with the ratification of the 19th Amendment 100 years ago this month. Thankful for @RepLawrences leadership in the fight to ensure women nationwide are able to cast their votes in this years elections.Todays ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals allowing the House to continue efforts to enforce its subpoena of Don McGahn reaffirms our Constitutions system of checks & balances.We call upon the White Houses negotiators to join us once again at the negotiating table today to secure a bipartisan agreement to put children, families and workers first. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:We remain committed to continue negotiating and reaching a fair agreement with the Administration, but we will not go along with the meager legislative proposals that fail to address the gravity of the health & economic situation our country faces.The latest #JobsReport shows that the economic recovery spurred by the investments Congress has passed is losing steam and more investments are still urgently needed to protect the lives and livelihoods of the American people.The dismissal of the House GOP lawsuit against remote voting by proxy is welcome news and hopefully the end of this sad Republican effort to obstruct the House from meeting the needs of the American people during the coronavirus crisis.Now more than ever, our nation deserves a fully functioning Postal Service that is accountable to the American people. Read the letter @SenSchumer and I sent to Postmaster General Louis DeJoy here:With voting rights across the country under Republican attack, it is critical that Leader McConnell end his blockade of the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act of 2020 and finally pass this landmark legislation. #RestoreTheVoteDemocrats are committed to putting #FamiliesFirst as our nation fights the coronavirus pandemic. Tune in as @SenSchumer and I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.At 10:45 am ET, @SenSchumer and I will speak with reporters as Democrats continue our work to put #FamiliesFirst in Americas coronavirus response.Today marks one year since my constituent Brandon Lee was brutally shot in the Philippines, where he was fighting for environmental & indigenous peoples rights. On behalf of Brandon & his family, I urge the Filipino government to thoroughly investigate this disturbing crime.We are working to save lives, livelihoods, and the life of our democracy. The Trump Administration must accept the gravity of the situation we face. #FamiliesFirst #PBSNewsIts amazing how free & clear Republicans are when they are handing trillions to their rich friends and how exacting they are when an out-of-work American receives $600. #FamiliesFirst #PBSNewsOne year after an act of hate in El Paso which claimed 23 lives and left 23 more injured, our hearts remain broken for all affected. We will never back down from our fight against bigotry and to #EndGunViolence. #ElPasoStrongIn order to open up our economy & safely send our children back to school, we must contain the virus. #AMJoyWe must ensure that all Americans who want to vote-by-mail this fall are able to. No one should be forced to choose between their health and their vote. #ThisWeekRepublicans always talk about the private sectors need for certainty. Americas working families deserve the same courtesy. #AMJoyIt is not enough to confront the consequences of this pandemic any agreement must be designed to empower us to defeat the coronavirus. That is what the House-passed #HeroesAct is designed to do, and what the American people deserve. #ThisWeekWith my signature, @RepWilsons landmark legislation creating a commission on the social status of Black men and boys nationwide heads to the Presidents desk.Im speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol as the House continues its work to put #FamiliesFirst in Americas response to the coronavirus pandemic.Tune in at 10:45 am ET as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.For 55 years, #Medicare & #Medicaid have stood as pillars of health and economic security for millions of seniors and families. @HouseDemocrats remain committed to defending these bedrock promises from Republican attacks for years to come.When John Lewis spoke, people listened. When he led, people followed. He was our mentor, our colleague, but most of all, our friend. May he rest in peace.Article II, Section 1 of the Constitution states: The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States.You need to believe in science and governance in order to bring an end to this pandemic. #AC360Safely reopening our economy requires making sure Americans have access to quality, affordable child care. Today, the House votes on legislation to #SaveChildCare for families nationwide.I would hope that over 10 weeks of failing to act, Leader McConnell would at least get his facts straight: The House-passed #HeroesAct extends the enhanced unemployment benefits families are depending on while his proposal slashes benefits by $400 a week.Today, Members of Congress sadly said goodbye to our friend, Congressman John Lewis, as he left the U.S. Capitol for the last time. Thank you to all who helped give John the beautiful farewell he received over the last two days.We've bid farewell to some of the greatest Americans in our history under the dome of the U.S. Capitol. Today, Rep. John Lewis, the Conscience of the Congress, joined that pantheon of patriots. John always worked on the side of the angels. Now, we know that he is with them.Americans need to buy food & pay rent. Republicans shouldnt be quibbling over $600 for workers on unemployment. #FamiliesFirst #DeadlineWHCongressman John Lewis was the conscience of the Congress. Today, we say goodbye to our friend and colleague, honoring his legacy of advancing freedom and justice for all.Today and tomorrow, Congressman John Lewis will lie in state in the rotunda of the U.S. Capitol. Watch at 1:30 pm ET as Members of the House and Senate come together for an arrival ceremony honoring our friend and colleague:Democrats have stood ready to negotiate for more than two months. I call upon GOP congressional leaders & the Presidents team to join Leader Schumer & me within a half an hour of releasing their plan today to negotiate and get the job done.After 10 weeks of Senate Republicans unilateral pause on responding to the coronavirus, it remains unclear whether they will release their plan today even as working families struggle to make rent, children go hungry and unemployment is expiring.House Democrats have been anxious to negotiate since we unveiled the #HeroesAct two months and ten days ago. Republicans delays in continuing our nations response to this crisis is causing suffering for American families. @FaceTheNationMost Americans know we need to extend unemployment insurance for working families impacted by this crisis. Senate Republicans need to stop complicating this issue and extend this lifeline for families nationwide. @FaceTheNationFor 30 years, the Americans with Disabilities Act has stood as a landmark civil rights victory. In the face of the Trump Admins attacks on the ADA, Democrats remain committed to defending & expanding its protections.At every turn, President Trump has made matters worse for our country as we seek to fight the coronavirus. Instead of denying facts and trying to rush our children back to school before it is safe, he should be supporting the policies found in the #HeroesAct. @FaceTheNationEach and every one of us has a duty to stand up to hate wherever it appears. The KZV Armenian School is a part of the beautiful fabric of our San Francisco family. The hateful defacing of this place of community & learning is a disgrace.Once again, President Trump has caved to Big Pharma with his empty Executive Orders. If the President was serious about cutting Rx prices, he would tell Leader McConnell to pass the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act immediately.I couldnt agree more with @RepAdamSchiff: if we are to truly honor Congressman John Lewiss legacy, we must stand up against the Presidents efforts to undermine our elections and the right to vote.Without action by President Trump & Senate Republicans, federal unemployment insurance will expire for millions of Americans this weekend. The Senate must take up the House-passed #HeroesAct & extend this critical lifeline for working families.Unemployment insurance is a critical lifeline for millions of working Americans directly impacted by this crisis. Tune in at 1 pm ET as @RepDanKildee, @RepRichardNeal & @RepDannyDavis join me to call on Senate Republicans to pass the #HeroesAct.Few have done more to bring the United States closer to that more perfect union than our dear friend, Rep. John Lewis. As he lies in state in the Capitol Rotunda next week, I hope all Americans will take time to reflect on how we can each honor his legacy.This President has been practically the biggest failure in American history. The Trump Virus is rolling through the country. Just imagine how many lives could have been saved if the tests he calls overrated had been widely available months ago. #TheReidOutTune in as @SenSchumer & I take questions from reporters at the U.S. Capitol during my weekly press conference.With my signature, the Great American Outdoors Act, which provides permanent, full funding for the Land & Water Conservation Fund and establishes the National Parks & Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund, heads to the Presidents desk.To defeat COVID-19, we need to expand testing & ensure people get their results quickly. That will only happen if the President fully employs the Defense Production Act to deliver critically-needed equipment. @MadMoneyOnCNBCCongress needs to take steps to give Americas working families certainty during these troubling times. #FamiliesFirst @MadMoneyOnCNBCAmericans across the country are calling for an end to racial injustice and police brutality. Tune in at 11 pm ET for my conversation with @soledadobrien & @repkarenbass for #AmericanInjusticeBET.We all need to take responsibility for protecting our communities from COVID-19. The best action you can take yourself? #WearAMask. #OnWednesdaysWeWearPinkOne of the reasons we are so far behind in our response to the #TrumpVirus? We dont have the equipment we need to test, process results, and protect our frontline workers. The President must make full use of the Defense Production Act immediately. #SitRoomPresident Trump has no excuse. He must use the full power of the Defense Production Act to end the unacceptable shortages of testing, critical medical supplies and personal protective equipment. #FamiliesFirstIn the 10 years since #DoddFrank became law, it has proven to be a critical tool in protecting consumers from predatory practices in the financial marketplace. Democrats will continue to vigilantly defend its reforms for years to come.Tune in this morning as we hold a ceremonial swearing-in for Rep.-elect Chris Jacobs of New York.The leadership shown by working men & women across the country as part of the #StrikeForBlackLives is inspiring. Your commitment to ending racial injustice in health care, education, and the workplace is invaluable as we seek to build a brighter future for all Americans.The @SenateGOP must join the House in passing H.R. 4 to #RestoreTheVRA protections which Rep. John Lewis spent so much of his life fighting to secure & protect.We live in a democracy, not a banana republic. We will not tolerate the use of Americans as props in President Trumps political games. Read my full statement with Rep. Earl Blumenauer here:.@RepJohnLewis: hero, champion & challenge to conscience of the nation. Your visit with the newest voices for justice at the Black Lives Matter mural with @MayorBowser was wonderful & iconic. Thank you for that final public statement in furtherance of a more perfect union.John Lewiss memory moves us all to, in the face of injustice, make good trouble, necessary trouble. May it be a comfort to his son John-Miles & his entire family that so many mourn their loss at this sad time..@RepJohnLewis was a titan of the civil rights movement whose goodness, faith and bravery transformed our nation. Every day of his life was dedicated to bringing freedom and justice to all.First Amendment speech should never be met with one-sided violence from federal agents acting as Trumps secret police, especially when unidentified. This is disgraceful behavior we would expect from a banana republic not the government of the United States.Unidentified stormtroopers. Unmarked cars. Kidnapping protesters and causing severe injuries in response to graffiti. These are not the actions of a democratic republic. @DHSgovs actions in Portland undermine its mission. Trump & his stormtroopers must be stopped.Instead of protecting people with pre-existing conditions, President Trump is in court defending his abusive junk plans while demanding that every last protection & benefit of the ACA be struck down. Democrats will continue to #ProtectOurCare.The brutal police killing of Sean Monterrosa continues to shake the Bay Area. I join Seans family & others in calling for an FBI investigation into Seans murder, including into the destruction of essential evidence in this homicide case.Testing is the solution that will allow us to safely reopen our economy and send children back to school. Right now, there isnt enough equipment available to test at the levels we need. Its time for @realDonaldTrump to fully employ the Defense Production Act.The Presidents dereliction of duty is dangerous. The Republican Senate must join the House in passing the #HeroesAct and calling on President Trump to use executive action for good.Months into the crisis, there is still not enough personal protective equipment & other medical supplies available to communities nationwide. But @realDonaldTrump refuses to fully employ the Defense Production Act to make that equipment available.Observing the Presidents behavior, its clear he is like a man who refuses to ask for directions. All the answers are there. The scientists are clear: testing, tracing, isolation, and masks are critical. And yet the President takes the wrong path.We cant solve the COVID-19 problem without the tools to do so. Every day President Trump fails to utilize the Defense Production Act & Senate Republicans block the #HeroesAct, they are denying communities the tools they need to fight this pandemic.Nearly 50,000 Americans have lost their lives to COVID-19 since the House passage of the #HeroesAct two months ago today. Our communities are demanding action. Its time for the Republican Senate to stop blocking life-saving progress.Nearly 2 million cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in the U.S. since the House passed the #HeroesAct two months ago today. At 2:30 pm ET, @HouseDemocrats will call on the Republican Senate to stop blocking this urgent legislation.Throughout her career, Chairwoman @NitaLowey has built immeasurable progress for generations of Americans. Her grace & tenacity is respected by all. As she chairs her final @AppropsDems markup today, we all wish her the best in her next chapter.Read my full statement here:The Presidents signing of the #HongKong Autonomy Act only begins to reverse the damage done after months of praising President Xis handling of coronavirus, years of selling out the human rights of Uyghurs & reportedly asking President Xi for help to win his re-election.Nothing is more important than meeting the needs of the American people as families across the country confront the health & financial crises brought on by COVID-19. #HeroesActThe #HeroesAct makes crucial investments to protect the lives & livelihoods of people across the country. Enacting it is central to honoring our frontline workers. #MSNBCLiveThere is a pathway to safely reopening our schools. The first step is putting our children first and passing the #HeroesAct to make sure our communities have the resources they need to test, treat and isolate. #MSNBCLiveA must read. Even in the middle of the coronavirus crisis, the President is trying to take away womens health care & all the protections in the ACA. Democrats will never stop fighting to defend and expand health care for all women & girls in America.President Trump and his Administration are messing with the health of our children as they seek to rush schools to reopen. #CNNSOTUNo one not even the President is above the law. #PoliticsNationPresident Trumps decision to commute the sentence of top campaign advisor Roger Stone, who could directly implicate him in criminal misconduct, is an act of staggering corruption.The fact is the President has been a failure in every way. Now, his denial of the facts is threatening the safety of children & families nationwide as he tries to rush reopening our schools. #AC360For too long, Black & brown communities across the country been silenced during discussions of environmental issues. Thanks to leaders like @RepMcEachin, House Democrats Climate Action Plan reflects our commitment to lifting up their voices as we confront the #ClimateCrisis.Americans nationwide are lifting up their voices to demand an end to police brutality. Urgent change is needed and the House-passed #JusticeInPolicing Act puts life-saving progress within reach. Its time for the Republican Senate to step up. #GeorgeFloydLawToday, the Supreme Court, including two of the Presidents appointees, affirmed that President Trump is not above the law, recognized Congresss constitutional authority to conduct oversight #ForThePeople & upheld the separation of powers that is the genius of our Constitution.The Congress will continue to conduct oversight #ForThePeople, upholding the separation of powers that is the genius of our Constitution. We will continue to press our case in the lower courts.A careful reading of the Supreme Court rulings related to the Presidents financial records is not good news for President Trump. The Court has reaffirmed the Congresss authority to conduct oversight on behalf of the people, as it asks for further information from the Congress.Tune in to my weekly press conference live from the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters during my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol at 11 am ET. Tune in here:Frontline & essential workers across the country have performed heroically since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. The #HeroesAct is a smart investment to protect their jobs & our communities.The Presidents vindictiveness can't erase the truth: history will remember Lt. Col. Vindman as an American patriot, who proved his heroism both on the battlefield when he earned a Purple Heart & in the House impeachment trial when he spoke truth to power.The Supreme Courts decision to enable the Trump Admins assault on womens health, financial security & independence is a fundamental misreading of the Affordable Care Act.Every day Leader McConnell & the Republican Senate continue their blockade of the House-passed #HeroesAct is a day they are failing the American people. The United States is in the middle of a crisis. Congress has a duty to protect lives & livelihoods from the coronavirus.The Presidents official withdrawal of the U.S. from the World Health Organization is an act of true senselessness as @WHO coordinates the global fight against COVID-19. With millions of lives at risk, the President is crippling the international effort to defeat the virus..@HouseDemocrats are committed to ensuring Congressional staff represent the full diversity & dynamism of America. Read my statement with @RepJeffries & @RepGraceMeng on the Caucuss adoption of a new Diversity Rule here:This weekend, our San Francisco family was once again struck by the tragic loss of a child to gun violence. No parent no family should have to feel this pain. Last year, the House passed H.R. 8 to #EndGunViolence. The Senate must take swift action.Happy Fourth of July!Generations of Americans have & will continue to have the courage to fight for a more perfect union. Our military servicemembers have the courage to sacrifice their lives in defense of these principles let us have the courage to work together to make those ideals a reality.On July 4, 1776, our Founders had the courage to declare that all are created equal and to fight a revolution for the unalienable rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.The hearts of Americans nationwide are with Army Specialist Vanessa Guillens family as they mourn her tragic loss. We stand with them as they demand answers, and are grateful for @RepSylviaGarcias efforts to deliver justice & protect all women serving our country.All freedom-loving people stand with the people of Hong Kong as they confront Beijings campaign against freedom. With my signature, the #HongKong Autonomy Act goes to the White House. The sanctions included within it are critical to holding China accountable.For 56 years, the Civil Rights Act has stood as a victory of fairness, justice & equality yet its full promise remains unfulfilled. Today, we recommit ourselves to building a more just & equal future for all Americans..@HouseDemocrats are delivering urgently-needed progress #ForThePeople during these tough times. Tune in as I discuss our efforts for working families with reporters at the U.S. Capitol.The #JobsReport reveals that unemployment remains higher than any period since World War II. Congress must take further action to protect lives & livelihoods nationwide. Leader McConnell must end his obstruction & pass the #HeroesAct.As we extend the Paycheck Protection Program to Aug. 8, I continue to call on the Trump Admin to release the data of who has received its benefits.  Much more needs to be done. Leader McConnell must end his obstruction & pass the #HeroesAct now.The #MovingForward Act takes bold, transformational action to rebuild our infrastructure, creating millions of jobs in communities nationwide. We urge the Senate to join the House in supporting this legislation.The U.S. Congress has long been united in a bipartisan mission to hold Beijing accountable for its human rights abuses. The Hong Kong Autonomy Act, passed by the House today, is an urgently-needed response to Chinas so-called national security law.The President has proved himself to be wholly unqualified and ethically unfit to serve and now he has undermined any credibility he may have had as Commander in Chief. @DeadlineWH.@HouseDemocrats promised bold action to rebuild Americas infrastructure, and this week we deliver. The #MovingForward Act is more than a plan to invest in our roads, bridges, high ways & broadband infrastructure its a pathway to creating millions of good-paying jobs.As America faces this health care crisis, Democrats are taking action to #LowerCostsForCare. The House-passed Patient Protection & Affordable Care Enhancement Act would expand coverage, negotiate lower drug prices and cut Americans health costs during these tough times.Thank you, @Beyonce, @JanelleMonae, @RepLucyMcBath & all signers for joining the chorus of Americans supporting Democrats efforts to fight racial injustice in society, protect voting rights & increase resources to respond to COVID-19. #HeroesActToday, the House unanimously passed a resolution recognizing June 19th as Juneteenth Independence Day commemorating the day in 1865 when slaves in Texas finally learned they were free. Thank you, @JacksonLeeTX18, for leading the House on this historic occasion.The whole world is praying for a coronavirus vaccine, but it must be effective and safe to be the answer to our prayers. The @US_FDA standards released today are critical to ensuring any vaccine that is approved for the U.S. will be effective and safe.We can keep America #MovingForward, and it starts by rebuilding Americas infrastructure. By investing in communities nationwide, we will create millions of good-paying jobs, combat the climate crisis & address inequality nationwide.President Trump must hold Chinese officials accountable by deploying sanctions under the 2016 Magnitsky Act and taking steps under the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, proudly passed by Congress.The brutal purpose of Beijings so-called national security law is to frighten, intimidate & suppress the speech of Hong Kongers. All freedom-loving people must come together to condemn this law, which signals the death of the one country, two systems principle.Democrats are committed to #SolvingTheClimateCrisis. Tune in as we unveil our action plan..@HouseDemocrats are coming together at 10 am ET to unveil the Select Committee on the @ClimateCrisiss Action Plan. #SolvingTheClimateCrisis Watch here:Americans deserve to know whether the President was briefed about the shocking reports of Russian bounties on American lives and if not, why officials chose not to inform him. #TheLeadToday, I spoke with DNI Ratcliffe & CIA Director Haspel, following up on my formal request for a full House briefing on intelligence that Russia secretly offered Taliban-connected militants bounties for killing American and coalition troops in Afghanistan.Read my full statement here:The Supreme Courts decision allowing the President to fire the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ignores the will of Congress. However, its affirmation of the constitutionality of the CFPB and its essential mission is a victory for consumers nationwide.Read my full statement here:The Supreme Courts ruling in June Medical Services v. Russo is a victory for womens health & freedoms. Louisianas draconian abortion ban was a clear violation of the Constitution, specifically designed dismantle their right to make their own health & family decisions.For 45 days, the Senate has refused to act on the House-passed #HeroesAct. As states across the country confront surging cases of COVID-19, Leader McConnell must enter into bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on next steps. Read my letter with @SenSchumer:As the San Francisco community marks 50 years of #Pride, we celebrate the progress we have achieved against bigotry & discrimination and recommit ourselves to the fight for full equality for all LGBTQ people.The shocking reports about Russias bounty on American troops is as bad as it gets and still, President Trump refuses to confront Putin. #ThisWeekIt is time for the Trump Administration to take the threat posed by the coronavirus seriously. #ThisWeek.@RepSeanMaloneys message to us all is clear & simple: #PrideMonth may be different this year, but its fundamental promise has never been more important.Five years after the Supreme Court declared that marriage is a right of all people, regardless of who you are or whom you love, the love and commitment of countless LGBTQ couples & families enriches our communities and our country. #LoveIsLoveSuch a touching way to mark #Pride2020!  Im proud of the legacy & memory of Phyllis Lyon & Del Martin. They inspired all of us who counted them as friends, & their work for equality benefited countless LGBTQ Americans.  @RepMarkTakano, have you taken the #HousePrideChallenge?Last night, the House took decisive action to secure justice for Black Americans killed by police brutality, passing the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act. Tune in as I discuss this & more with reporters at the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:As America faces this public health crisis, it is crucial that the Senate take action on House-passed legislation to #RenewTheVRA and ensure all Americans are able to cast their ballot this November.In the dead of night, the Trump Administration has once again asked the Supreme Court to rip away the protections and benefits of the Affordable Care Act in the middle of the coronavirus crisis. #ProtectOurCareToday should have been Tamir Rice's 18th birthday. With tonight's passage of the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act, the House has taken a historic step toward securing justice for Tamir & all Black Americans killed by police brutality. #GeorgeFloydLawThis evening, the House rejected the Senates toothless proposal and passed the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act on a bipartisan vote. Its time for the Senate to sit down and come to an agreement on legislation they can pass. #innersThank you to @janschakowsky, @RepTedDeutch, @RepSchneider & @RepDavidEPrice for organizing our colleagues to send this important message.Americans nationwide are calling for swift, bold action to secure justice for Black Americans killed by police brutality. Today, the House will take the historic step of passing the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act.House Democrats will speak live from the U.S. Capitol at 10 am ET ahead of todays historic vote on the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act. Tune in here:Millions of Americans are calling for swift action to secure justice for all who have lost their lives to police brutality. Congress can deliver it by sending the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act to the President.Disappointing that Senate GOP has ignored the voices of hundreds of thousands peacefully calling out for justice. Their proposal mimics the words of real reform but takes no action & makes no difference. It is unworthy of support. Congress must pass the #JusticeInPolicing Act.Now more than ever, Congress must take action to #LowerCostsForCare for Americans nationwide. Tune in as Democrats take a key step #ForThePeople as we introduce the Patient Protection & Affordable Care Enhancement Act.President Trumps admission that he is looking the other way and enabling Chinas brutal repression of the Uyghur people and other Muslim minorities in order to ink a trade deal is appalling.Senator McConnell must stop obstructing the #HeroesAct and the life-saving testing resources it provides. #FamiliesFirstTesting, tracing, treatment & social distancing are the only tools we have to stop the spread of the coronavirus. The Presidents efforts to slow down testing to hide the true extent of the virus means more Americans will lose their lives.Wishing you all a Happy #FathersDay! May you all find time to celebrate with your family & loved ones.Congressional oversight of the Executive Branch is needed to protect the integrity of our legal system, which is under serious threat from this White House.The President and his cronies have chosen to protect Trumps personal & political interests over those of the American people by interfering in numerous criminal investigations involving the President & his associates.The urgent message of @RevDrBarber & the #PoorPeoplesCampaign is clear & undeniable. Thank you for raising your voices to lift up the stories of the 140 million poor & low-income Americans. @HouseDemocrats hear you & stand with you. The times have found us. @UniteThePoorToday, the House filed an amicus brief in federal court opposing the Trump Admins failure to reopen Affordable Care Act enrollment to ensure workers have access to life-saving coverage. Read the brief here:America is enriched by the moral example of @RevDrBarber & Rev. Dr. @liztheo as they guide the #PoorPeoplesCampaign. To you both, thank you. Your message inspires us all to turn our hope for a brighter, more just future into action.We have a moral duty to oppose injustice wherever it appears. In honor of #Juneteenth, the portraits of four previous Speakers who served in the Confederacy were removed from display in the U.S. Capitol. There is no room in these halls for honoring men who embody racism & hatred.During this time of national anguish, this #Juneteenth must be a day of reflection that moves our nation to finally confront and combat its long & shameful history of systemic racial injustice targeted at communities of color.#Juneteenth stands as a beautiful celebration of freedom for African Americans. 155 years after the start of this proud tradition, it carries even greater weight, as people nationwide unite to demand justice for Black Americans killed by racial injustice & police brutality.The American people have entrusted the Congress with leading our nation. Let us lead by example by removing these images from display in the Peoples House.The portraits of these men are symbols that set back our nations work to confront and combat bigotry.The halls of Congress are the very heart of our democracy. Allowing men who embody the grotesque racism of the Confederacy to be honored within them is unacceptable.Ahead of tomorrows #Juneteenth observances, the portraits of four previous Speakers who served in the Confederacy have been removed from the walls of the U.S. Capitol under the supervision of House Clerk Cheryl Johnson.Our Dreamers need and deserve real, permanent action. Its time for the Senate finally secure progress by passing H.R. 6, the American Dream & Promise Act.The Supreme Courts rejection of President Trumps illegal, immoral attacks on young immigrants is a victory for American values. #Dreamers make America more American.Its time for bold action to rebuild Americas infrastructure. #MovingForwardToday, @HouseDemocrats are unveiling the #MovingForward Act: bold legislation to rebuild Americas infrastructure. Tune in at 1 pm:Tune in as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol in the wake of the Supreme Courts ruling on DACA. #DreamersI will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Tune in here:March 17: 100 known COVID-19 deaths in the United States. June 17: More than 117,000 deaths in the United States.  The Vice President thinks the Trump Admins response is a cause for celebration.  I couldnt disagree more. #CNNNewsroomAmerican women are bearing the brunt of the twin health & economic crises caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Grateful to @HouseDemWomen for calling on Leader McConnell & the GOP Senate to pass the #HeroesAct immediately. #FamiliesFirst  Read their letter:President Trump & Leader McConnell have offered Americans weak, toothless proposals that fail to deliver #JusticeInPolicing.  We dont need window dressings, we need real change. #CNNNewsroomAmerican workers are paying the price for Leader McConnells efforts to slow-walk our response to COVID-19. Truly inspiring to witness todays caravan of workers in Washington, driving together to demand that the #SenateActNow to pass the #HeroesAct. #WorkersFirstGrateful to @RepKarenBass & @TheBlackCaucus for their leadership on fighting police brutality & racial injustice. Their expertise & experiences form the foundation of the #JusticeInPolicing Act. Together, we will secure the change & justice Americans are demanding.President Trump claimed he was offering a real solution to police brutality. The #FakeReform he offered instead fell far short. #DeadlineWHThe #JusticeInPolicing Act represents a giant step forward in the fight against police brutality. This about saving lives Leader McConnells opposition makes it clear how committed he is to living up to Grim Reaper moniker he has given himself. #DeadlineWHFor too long, residents of Washington, DC, have been denied their right to fully participate in our democracy an injustice put on full display two weeks ago at Lafayette Square. Next week, the House will vote on historic #DCStatehood legislation championed by @EleanorNorton.The Presidents Executive Order falls seriously short of what is required to combat the epidemic of racial injustice & police brutality that is murdering Black Americans. We must insist on the bold change found in the George Floyd #JusticeInPolicing Act.Last year, House Democrats renewed our commitment to progress by introducing and passing the American Dream & Promise Act, which would provide more than 2 million Dreamers a shot at the American Dream. Its time for Senate Republicans to stop stonewalling & stand with Dreamers.Eight years after DACA began, it continues to give #Dreamers the peace-of-mind to fully participate in their communities. Democrats will never stop fighting to ensure DACA recipients are protected from the Trump Admins shameful attacks.The Supreme Courts ruling today secures critical protections for LGBTQ Americans across the country but its far from the end. Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans must stop holding up the #EqualityAct and finally vote for progress. #SitRoomThe Trump Admins attempts to coerce state and local law enforcement into becoming an deportation dragnet were driven by bigotry, not the security of our communities. The Supreme Courts rejection of these cruel efforts is a victory for public safety.Meanwhile, the Trump Admin continues to advance a hateful anti-LGBTQ agenda that threatens the health & well-being of countless LGBTQ Americans and their families. The Senate must fully end LGBTQ discrimination by passing the #EqualityAct.Todays momentous Supreme Court ruling affirms that all Americans, regardless of who you are or whom you love, are protected from discrimination in the workplace under federal law. Thank you to all whose activism & courage made this victory possible.Our nation is in the midst of a health and economic crisis of staggering proportions. The Administrations shameful rule is an attack on the health care of women, communities of color, seniors, the disabled and the LGBTQ community.The American people deserve answers to ensure that the CARES Acts historic investment of their taxpayer money is used wisely and effectively to save lives and livelihoods, not to be used by profiteers and price-gougers. #FamiliesFirstLed by @RepKarenBass and @TheBlackCaucus, Congress is taking decisive action to secure #JusticeInPolicing for communities across America.Four years ago, 49 beautiful souls were lost & 53 injured in a shocking act of hatred at Orlandos Pulse Nightclub. Today, we recommit ourselves to honoring their memory & call on the Senate to finally vote on House-passed #EndGunViolence legislation.What we saw in Georgia during Tuesdays election was shameful. It was either a disgrace of incompetence or a disgrace of intention. Whichever it was, our response must be to inoculate our elections against predictable threats and protect voting rights nationwide.This week, @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems unveiled the #JusticeInPolicing Act. Tune in as I discuss this and more with reporters on Capitol Hill.Tune in tomorrow for my conversation with @TIMEs Molly Ball about what lies ahead for Congress and finding hope in these troubling times. #TIME100TalksThe people have spoken. They have done so, day in and day out, for weeks. Together, we can secure #JusticeInPolicing.Philonise Floyds heart-wrenching testimony to @HouseJudiciary left its mark on us all. May this flag, which flew over the Capitol on the day of his brothers murder, serve as a symbol of our shared commitment to securing justice for George & all victims of police violence.Read my letter here:The statues which fill the halls of Congress should reflect our highest ideals as Americans. Today, I am once again calling for the removal from the U.S. Capitol of the 11 statues representing Confederate soldiers and officials. These statues pay homage to hate, not heritage.The @USCBOs chilling report on the projected decline in GDP confirms the life-and-death stakes of Congresss action to stem the economic hemorrhaging from COVID-19. Now is not the time to take our foot off the gas.Im honored to receive @CARE's first Womens Empowerment Award during todays virtual festivities celebrating their 75 years of global leadership. I am committed to robustly funding vital global health initiatives to defeat COVID-19 & improve response capacity worldwide.This is not a time for slogans designed to distract the American people. It is time for action to protect American lives and livelihoods. The Senate must take immediate action to pass the #HeroesAct. #MSNBCLiveEvery Member of Congress takes an oath to protect and defend the American people. Passing the #JusticeInPolicing Act is essential to fulfilling that duty. #MSNBCLiveRead my full letter with @SenSchumer:The President must immediately reopen Lafayette Square to the public. This unique park should be a symbol of freedom & openness, not a militarized zone behind which President Trump cowers in fear of protesters who are crying out for justice.Across the country, Americans are calling for action to end police brutality and racial injustice. Today, @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems are unveiling the #JusticeInPolicing Act.House & Senate Democrats are coming together at 10:30 am ET to unveil the #JusticeInPolicing Act of 2020. Tune in here:76 years after Allied forces stormed the beaches of Normandy on D-Day, we remain in awe of their heroism. Today and every day, we give thanks for their courage and the commitment of all freedom-loving people who contributed to their victory.Today, we #WearOrange to remember the beautiful souls we have lost to gun violence and as a sign of our commitment to ending the suffering that violence brings to communities nationwide. By making our voices heard & working together, we can achieve life-saving progress.Real men wear masks. #FamiliesFirst @MadMoneyOnCNBCRead my full statement here:Mays #JobsReport shows that decisive Congressional action can make a difference in our economy. But as coronavirus continues to spread w/o adequate testing & tracing, this is the worst possible time to take our foot off the gas. The Senate must quickly pass the #HeroesAct.As we mark 31 years since the #Tiananmen Square Massacre, Congress is in bipartisan agreement we cannot be naive when it comes to China. We must present a united front.The scale of economic devastation caused by COVID-19 is staggering. House Democrats passed the PPP Flexibility Act to protect workers & small businesses. With my signature, it goes to the White House. The President must put #FamiliesFirst and sign it into law immediately.The Presidents Executive Order waiving critical environmental protections is a direct threat to the environment. The President has proven once again his utter contempt for our laws, as well as the communities & ecosystems they protect.Read my full letter to the President here:Americans deserve to know: Who is in charge? What is the chain of command? What is the mission? What agencies are involved? What are their roles & responsibilities? And by what authority is the National Guard from other states operating in the Capital?Of particular concern are officers who are operating with full anonymity, refusing to provide identification and without identifying insignia, badges and nameplates a practice which undermines accountability and ignites government distrust & suspicion.As Americans across the country peacefully protest to demand an end to racial injustice and police brutality, we have seen a shocking deployment of various security officers from multiple jurisdictions to our nations capital. Today, I wrote to the President seeking answers.Tune in as I speak with reporters during my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 2 pm ET. Watch here:Two years after protestors were met with violence & death, I joined my colleagues in unfurling a banner in Tiananmen Square which read: To those who died for democracy. To this day, we are firmly committed to standing up against Chinas abuses of human rights.For 31 years, the courageous students, workers and citizens who defied an oppressive Chinese regime in #Tiananmen Square have lived in the memory of all freedom-loving people. May their example move us to ensure that America truly lives up to its ideals.Thank you, San Francisco, for this evenings powerful telephone townhall on Congressional action to combat COVID-19 and police brutality and to our guests @RepBarbaraLee, Dr. Susan Phillip of the @SF_DPH and Shon Buford of @SFFFLocal798 for the deep conversation.In the days and weeks to come, we will be guided by the experiences & expertise of @RepKarenBass and @TheBlackCaucus as we seek to achieve progress & secure justice for Americans nationwide.Stopping police violence must be a priority in this country if we are to ever come to terms with Americas history of racial injustice. Congress must address deadly use of force by police and reform policing practices. #BlackLivesMatterNow is the time to heal to take action to address the pattern & history of police brutality and racial injustice in America.With my signature, the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act, which imposes sanction on foreign individuals and entities responsible for human rights abuses inChina's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous region, goes to the White House.At this challenging time, our nation needs real leadership. The Presidents continued fanning of the flames of discord, bigotry and violence is cowardly, weak and dangerous. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer:Tear-gassing peaceful protestors without provocation just so that the President could pose for photos outside a church dishonors every value that faith teaches us.Across our country, Americans are protesting for an end to the pattern of racial injustice and brutality we saw most recently in the murder of #GeorgeFloyd. Yet, at a time when our country cries out for unification, this President is ripping it apart.Hatred will never defeat pride. #PRIDE2020More than 50 years after Stonewall, #PrideMonth is celebrated as a testament to the progress weve achieved in the fight against bigotry & discrimination and stands as a reminder of the work that remains to achieve full equality for LGBTQ people and all Americans.Democratic and Republican presidents alike have seen it as their responsibility to be a unifying force in our country, not to fuel the flame. President Trump has made clear he would rather distract than perform his duty. #ThisWeekHouse Democrats are leading voices in the fight for progress nationwide. We are committed to fighting injustice wherever it arises, whether in law enforcement or in Americas response to COVID-19. #ThisWeekRead my full statement here:If President Trump is serious about confronting Chinas human rights abuses, he must work with Congress to craft an effective, robust strategy. His vague suggestions for confronting Chinas actions are nothing new & do not articulate a real or serious strategy.The President's withdrawal from @WHO as it leads the fight against COVID-19 is an act of extraordinary senselessness. Again and again, he blames others and refuses to take responsibility. Only with a coordinated global response will we defeat this virus.The House & Senate firmly stood with our students & veterans to reject the Admins cruel decision to turn its back on thousands defrauded by predatory colleges. It is sad that the President rejected the will of the Congress and the Country with his veto.President Trumps failure to provide consistent and stable leadership has brought us to where we are today. Chairman @FrankPallone is leading the fight to implement a national COVID-19 testing program by enacting the #HeroesAct. We must act swiftly.Its no secret that we need to expand testing nationwide. Instead of refusing to face reality, the GOP Senate must step up and pass the #HeroesAct in order to expand testing & support our heroic frontline workers. #AMRThe horrific murder of #GeorgeFloyd has broken our hearts. His family deserves justice, as do countless other black people who've been killed in this country. Congress is committed to finding solutions to prevent these crimes & root out the systemic injustice in our society.Read my full statement here:Allowing the spread of disinformation is extremely dangerous. Yet still, the President encourages Facebook & others to continue to exploit and profit off falsehoods while directing the federal government to dismantle efforts to help users distinguish fact from fiction.If America does not speak out for human rights in China because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak out elsewhere.The Administration should work with Congress on an appropriate response which considers all tools available, including visa limitations and economic penalties.This excessive law brazenly accelerates Beijings years-long assault on Hong Kongs political and economic freedoms, coming after the threat of the extradition bill and of police brutality last fall. All freedom-loving people must come together to condemn this law.The so-called national security framework Beijings latest move against Hong Kong threatens the death of the one country, two systems principle.Newly-released unemployment data shows that 1-in-4 American workers have filed for unemployment during this public health crisis. Now more than ever, the Senate must pass the House-passed #HeroesAct and put #FamiliesFirst.I will be speaking with reporters regarding the ongoing efforts to put #FamiliesFirst in our COVID-19 crisis response at 10:45 am ET at the U.S. Capitol. Tune in here:The best thing we can do to stimulate our economy is to put money into the pockets of the American people. #FamiliesFirstWe have a responsibility to defeat COVID-19. Its time for President Trump to stop making excuses and take responsibility. #FamiliesFirstLeader McConnell thinks Congress should pause its response to this crisis. Last time I checked, the virus isnt taking a pause. Neither should we. The Senate must pass the #HeroesAct immediately. #FamiliesFirstAt a time when fear & bigotry led many to ignore the human toll of the AIDS epidemic, Larry Kramer was a relentless, dissatisfied voice for justice. Through his activism, Larry demanded attention and saved lives. His vision & leadership will continue to inspire us all.Tragically, 100,000 people across America have lost their lives to COVID-19. Meanwhile, there is still no strong, nationwide plan to expand testing like the one in the #HeroesAct. The Senate must pass it immediately.As we learn that 100,000 lives have been lost to COVID-19, it is clearer than ever that we must enact the strong testing plan passed as part of the #HeroesAct. #FamiliesFirst Tune in at 2:30 pm ET to learn more:Voting at home shouldnt be a question of politics. Its a health issue. No American should have to choose between their protecting their health and exercising their right to vote. #innersWe are eternally grateful for the courage & service of the men and women who gave their last full measure of devotion for our country. On this #MemorialDay, we honor their memory and #RememberTheFallen. @WWIIMemorialRead my joint statement with @SenSchumer, Rep. @FrankPallone and Sen. @PattyMurray here:.@SenateMajLdr must stop obstructing the House-passed #HeroesAct, which would deliver a clear strategy and $75 billion for the testing and contact tracing necessary to stop the spread of this vicious virus.To reopen our economy safely, we need testing to be free, accurate, reliable and accompanied by tools like contact tracing so we can slow the spread of the virus and prevent outbreaks.The Administrations disappointing report confirms that President Trumps national testing strategy is to deny the truth that there arent enough tests and supplies, reject responsibility and dump the burden onto the states.After six months and nearly 100,000 lives lost, the Trump Administration still does not have a serious plan for increasing testing to stop the spread of the virus.Today, our nation faces a challenge equal to any in our history. We reaffirm our commitment to caring for and supporting our military families, veterans, wounded warriors, active duty troops, as well as the National Guard & Reservists on the frontlines of this crisis.Each #MemorialDay, all Americans unite in honoring the patriots who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. These brave men and women in uniform safeguarded our most cherished values and helped build a brighter future for all Americans.-Nearly 100,000 lives have been lost -Almost 40 million are jobless -1 in 5 children are going hungry But the Trump White House is obsessed with a capital gains tax break for the wealthiest few.  Democrats passed the #HeroesAct For The People now the GOP Senate must join us.The losses suffered by our American family have been staggering every story heartbreaking in its own way. As we near 100,000 lives lost, we pray for those who have passed, their loved ones and all who are working to save lives & protect our communities.As always, our firefighters are our heroes. Many thanks to our San Francisco Fire Department for their courage and effectiveness in fighting the fire at Pier 45. Our prayers are with them. @SFFDPIO#EidMubarak to each and every family celebrating Eid al-Fitr across America and around the world. May this day bring blessings to you and your loved ones in the year ahead.Withdrawing from the Open Skies Treaty without a replacement further undermines Americas credibility in the global community and makes Americans less safe.Harvey Milk was a man of extraordinary vision and tenacity, who challenged us all to fight for a better future for the LGBTQ community & all Americans. His relentless optimism remains an inspiration as we confront this unprecedented crisis. #HarveyMilkDayWe will soon cross the awful threshold of 100,000 Americans lost to the coronavirus. Flying the flags at half staff, as @SenSchumer & I proposed in our letter to the President this morning, is an important show of national grief.  Let us honor their memory & act to save lives.Make no mistake: voting at home is not only a matter of protecting our democracy its also a question of protecting Americans health. #HeroesAct #LastWordWomen were not *given* the right to vote. They won it for themselves through sheer force of will. Generations of women & girls fought to be heard. Today, we honor their leadership as we mark 101 years since the House passed the 19th Amendment.Beijings announcement of yet another attempt to bring an end to the one country, two systems framework in #HongKong is deeply alarming. Attempting to circumvent the HK legislature shows a complete disrespect for the rule of law.We cannot allow the President to distract us from our duty to deliver crucial support for American families and frontline workers. #HeroesAct #LastWordEnsuring Americans are able to vote at home is a crucial step in protecting the health of people in communities across the country. We have a responsibility to ensure our democratic elections do not become a casualty of this crisis. #HeroesAct101 years after the House passed the 19th Amendment, @RepSarbanes and Congresswoman @EleanorNorton join me to highlight the crucial vote-by-mail and election security provisions of The #HeroesAct. Tune in at 11 am ET:The Justice Departments continued delay is part of a pattern of the Administration hiding the truth from the public. The American people deserve the truth.The Houses long-standing right to obtain grand jury information pursuant to the Houses impeachment power has now been upheld by the lower courts twice. These rulings are supported by decades of precedent and should be permitted to proceed.Read my full statement here:Instead of holding a vote on The #HeroesAct, Senate Republicans are engaging in a clear act of political retribution designed to help the President keep his job. The Senate must stop playing along with the Presidents dangerous tactics & take steps to save lives and livelihoods.Join me now as I discuss @HouseDemocrats work passing the #HeroesAct to provide Americans the strong, urgent relief they need during this pandemic.Today, I will be taking questions from reporters live at 10:45 am ET. Tune in here:We still do not know the full scale of the tragedy gripping our nation. That is why testing & tracing are at the core of The #HeroesAct. The Senate must pass this legislation to ensure we have the information needed to fight back against COVID-19. #FamiliesFirst #DeadlineWHProud to send @RepSusieLees bipartisan resolution to the Presidents desk and protect tens of thousands of defrauded students, many of whom are hurting now more than ever, by blocking Devoss harmful student borrower defense rule. @realDonaldTrump must sign it without delay.Tune in as we hold a ceremonial swearing-in for Representatives-elect Tom Tiffany of Wisconsin and Mike Garcia of California.The Presidents pattern of dismissing Inspectors General is unhealthy for our democracy. @AC360News reports that the President may have fired the State Dept IG in response to him nearing completion of an investigation into the approval of billions of dollars in arms sales to Saudi Arabia are deeply concerning. The President must provide justification for the IGs removal.Wishing all the best to the @UCSF Class of 2020 today. Take pride in what you and your classmates have achieved and know that the entire San Francisco community does as well. Were all celebrating with you! #UCSFgradsRead my full statement here:As we mark #IDAHOTB, we also mark one year since the House passed the #EqualityAct to bring our nation closer to achieving liberty & justice for all. Even as Leader McConnell has ignored this legislation, we refuse to back down from the fight for equality for all LGBTQ people.Inspectors General are at the core of the fight to stop waste, fraud & abuse in our government. The Presidents pattern of retaliation against these committed public servants is disgraceful & may be unlawful. @FaceTheNationTesting. Treatment. Isolation. Science shows us that is the path to overcoming this virus. And it is that plan which is at the heart of the #HeroesAct. The Senate must take up this crucial legislation immediately. #FamiliesFirst @FaceTheNationCongratulations to the @smithcollege Class of 2020 as you start the next chapter of your journey! At Smith, you have made history & you have made progress. We all look forward to seeing what your futures hold.Its inspiring to see how members of the @smithcollege community are coming together to honor the Class of 2020 with #SmithIlluminates. Thank you for the opportunity to join the celebration of their achievement during tomorrows virtual Commencement ceremony.The late-night, weekend firing of State Department IG Steve Linick is an acceleration of the Presidents dangerous pattern of retaliation against the patriotic public servants charged with conducting oversight on behalf of the American people..@RepDebHaaland knows: a vote for the #HeroesAct is a vote for all of our families and all of our essential workers. #FamiliesFirstSNAP has been the cornerstone in the fight against hunger and poverty for decades.  Now, it is an essential part of the fight against the coronavirus. Democrats are committed to standing with our fellow Americans against food insecurity. #HandsOffSNAP #HeroesActToo much is at stake. Lives are on the line. We need a monumental bill that provides the relief our nation desperately needs.  We must pass the #HeroesAct so we may protect the livelihoods of the American peopleSee how your state and your community benefit from investments in state and local governments under this legislation:Tomorrow, the House will vote on the #HeroesAct to pay tribute to our frontline workers, make the investments needed to reopen our economy and put money in the pockets of Americas hard-working families.Join me now as I answer questions about the #HeroesAct: urgently-needed legislation to protect the lives and livelihoods of the American people and the life of our democracy.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol today at 3:00 pm ET.This moment in our nations history calls for humanity, science & the family of America caring for each other. #HeroesAct @Morning_JoeThe coronavirus is the greatest disaster that our country has ever faced. We must do what is necessary to deal with this crisis and get the country back to work safely. The American people are worth it. #HeroesAct #FamiliesFirstThe pillars of the #HeroesAct are based on the bipartisan bills already passed by the Congress to combat the coronavirus. We must continue to put #FamiliesFirst.The #HeroesAct is based on a simple premise: that its not enough just to expand testing, tracing and treatment. We must ensure all Americans have access. #FamiliesFirstToday, @HouseDemocrats introduced the #HeroesAct, bold legislation to address the COVID-19 health and economic crisis.I will be making a statement from the U.S. Capitol this afternoon on the introduction of the #HeroesAct. Tune in at 3 pm ET:Republicans have stood in the way of expanding SNAP benefits in the last three coronavirus relief bills. As mothers report that 1 in 5 children do not have enough to eat, we must work together to expand our support for our most vulnerable. #FamiliesFirst @FCPwithGretaThe sooner we identify the scale of the problem, the sooner we can open our economy. We must expand testing without delay. #FamiliesFirst @FCPwithGretaWhether or not we are blessed to have our mothers with us, we carry them in our hearts ever day. #MothersDayWishing you all a Happy #MothersDay!Our nation was forever changed by the sacrifice and heroism shown by the men and women who served during World War II. We remain forever in their debt. #VEDay75The dire job losses in the record-shattering April jobs report show the urgent need for a bold #CARES2 package that is equal to the crisis gripping the American people. #FamiliesFirstThere are certain things that are urgent. Republicans hope for a capital gains tax cut for the wealthiest Americans when nearly one-fifth of mothers with young children say their kids are not getting enough to eat is not one of them. #FamiliesFirst @BloombergTVSickened by the unjust killing of yet another black man in our country.  #AhmaudArberys life mattered. As we mourn his death, we owe it to his family, his loved ones and his memory to ensure justice is served without further delay.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.Ill be speaking with reporters live at 10:45 am ET today about the ongoing efforts to put workers and families first as America faces this public health crisis. Tune in here:What we must do what science tells us we must do is focus on expanding testing & contact tracing. That is the only way we can safely reopen our economy. #AMR #FamiliesFirstThe Trump Administration must not take away health care from tens of millions of Americans in the middle of a pandemic. The President should end his lawsuit seeking to dismantle the ACA and the crucial pre-existing condition protections it includes.Congress cannot allow their reward for this inspiring show of expertise to be a furlough or a pink slip. The best way to #ThankATeacher is to ensure they and countless other workers in our communities have the support they need to continue their vital work. RT if you agree!Over the last two months, teachers nationwide have achieved the impossible: rewriting lesson plans in a matter of hours, rapidly mastering new technology, and devising innovative ways to keep Americas students engaged at a distance.As far as Im concerned, every day should be #TeacherAppreciationDay. Their miraculous work is invaluable and their impact on our children unmistakable even without a national crisis complicating their efforts.Sad news. My mother and I both went to IND. My brother Tommy was a longtime board member. Its creed Pro Deo et Patria is enshrined in our hearts.Science is our key to unlocking our country. The last thing we need is political interference into science. #FamiliesFirstRead my full statement here:Today, we honor the contributions and rich heritage of Mexican Americans & the entire Latino community and remind ourselves of our responsibility to ensure that every family, regardless of status or national origin, receives the care and relief that they deserve. #CincoDeMayoToday, we welcome Congressman-elect Kweisi Mfume of Maryland to the Peoples House.Tune in at 10:45 am ET for the ceremonial swearing-in for Congressman-elect Kweisi Mfume of Maryland.The White House is blocking key officials from testifying to Congress about the response to the coronavirus crisis. This is just the latest sign of Trumps efforts to keep the truth from the American people. #SitRoomGenerations of Asian Americans and Pacific Islander communities have contributed their energy, creativity, diversity and patriotism to enrich our communities. This #AAPIHeritageMonth, we honor their contributions and our heritage as a nation of immigrants.In communities across the country, families & students are more reliant on access to broadband internet than ever before. Thank you to @WhipClyburn for leading the fight to expand this essential service nationwide. #ForThePeople #FamiliesFirstAs we celebrate this Jewish American Heritage Month, we honor the diversity of our communities and the vital contributions Jewish Americans have made to the beautiful fabric of our nation.Where theres money, theres mischief. Congress will not back away from our responsibility to ensure the resources we have made available are being used properly as our nation confronts this public health crisis. #FamiliesFirst @NewDayWe must do everything in our power to create a path to reopening our economy one which must include a significant expansion in testing nationwide. #FamiliesFirst @NewDayTune in as I discuss the ongoing efforts to protect American lives, livelihoods, and the life of our democracy. #FamiliesFirstI will be holding my weekly press conference at 10:45 am ET as House & Senate Democrats continue fighting to put #FamiliesFirst nationwide.All the praise in the world is meaningless if we dont take steps to ensure our police, fire, and EMS are able to safely fight this public health crisis. #FamiliesFirstThe American people have made it clear: we must maintain social distancing as we work to protect American lives, livelihoods, and the life of our democracy. @SquawkStreet #FamiliesFirstTune in as @WhipClyburn and I announce the Democratic Members of the House Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis..@WhipClyburn and I will come together at 2 pm ET to announce Democratic Members of the House Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis.The Trump Administration must not interfere with Executive Director Westbrooks independence in his critical role leading the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee created in the #CARESAct.Supporting our health care workers, hospitals and testing initiatives are not extracurricular. #FamiliesFirst #MSNBCLiveIt takes immense courage & optimism to start a small business. We need to make sure they have access to the resources they need during these tough times. #FamiliesFirst #MSNBCLiveOur women, veteran, rural & minority-owned small businesses in Americas underserved and coronavirus-affected communities deserve equal treatment. These job-creating entrepreneurs must not be forced to face unfair barriers to access PPP loans.The Trump Admin must do much more to prevent well-connected corporations from crowding out the truly small businesses on Main Street that need PPP assistance the most. #FamiliesFirstOur response to this pandemic must be aimed at protecting American lives, American livelihoods, and the life of our democracy. #FamiliesFirst #AMJoyUnlike the President, House & Senate Democrats are committed to making decisions guided by science, data, evidence, and truth. #FamiliesFirst #AMJoyThe Presidents words have weight. We must insist on the truth. #AMJoyCongressional Democrats are fighting to put #FamiliesFirst and those values will guide us as we move forward. #CNNSOTUThank you @itstonybennett for lifting our spirits with #SingOutSF and for bringing us together to show our gratitude to the inspiring frontline workers protecting our community.The situation we are in today is a result of Republicans rejection of science and their duty to govern. #FamiliesFirstI am speaking with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol as House Democrats continue our work #ForThePeople.I will be speaking with reporters at 11:30 am ET following yesterdays historic #FamiliesFirst vote.The President must not ignore the facts on the ground.  Only a focused, whole-of-government response will bring an end to this coronavirus crisis.  The Trump Admin must deliver a concrete, nationwide strategy to expand testing. #FamiliesFirstAs Muslim families across America & around the world mark the start of #Ramadan, we join our Muslim friends & neighbors to pray for the well-being of our communities and a year ahead filled with the blessings of health, happiness & family.Todays historic, bipartisan vote on our latest #FamiliesFirst package is essential to protecting families across America and ensuring more small businesses have access to the resources they need. With my signature, this legislation goes to the Presidents desk.Moments ago, the House passed urgently-needed assistance to fight this coronavirus & save lives. With my signature, the interim coronavirus relief package goes to the Presidents desk. #FamiliesFirstThe lives and livelihoods of Americans across the nation depend on our country taking a science-based approach to confronting this pandemic. #FamiliesFirstThis #EarthDay, House Democrats stand with people around the world calling for thoughtful, science-based leadership that puts the health and well-being of our families first.The President was not properly prepared for this crisis and it cost lives. @Morning_JoeThe legislation passed yesterday by the Senate and which will pass the House tomorrow includes crucial improvements to the Paycheck Protection Program which ensure more small businesses are able to access the resources they need. #FamiliesFirst @Morning_JoeCongressional Democrats are proud to have secured an agreement on an interim emergency funding package that has been transformed to provide real support for the lives & livelihoods of the American people. #FamiliesFirst Read my statement with @SenSchumer:Governors across the country have been champions for the American people. We must work to ensure they have the resources needed to expand testing. #FamiliesFirst @AC360We must take steps to ensure that all who need to can participate in the Paycheck Protection Program. #FamiliesFirst @AC360.@HouseDemocrats are committed to fixing the flaws in the Paycheck Protection Program that have kept too many small businesses from gaining access. #FamiliesFirst @ThisWeekABCLeaders take responsibility. The President must stop attempting to shift blame and start making the science-based decisions we need to confront this crisis. #FamiliesFirst #FNSThe coronavirus is not a hoax. It will not magically disappear. Our effort to fight it and to reopen our economy must be based in science, data, and facts. #FamiliesFirst @ThisWeekABCTesting is the key to opening our economy. The truth is the Administration has failed on testing. We need to acknowledge that fact and move forward. #FamiliesFirst @ThisWeekABCWe are committed to ensuring small businesses across America have access to the resources they need as we continue the fight against the coronavirus. #FamiliesFirst #FNSDelay and denial cost lives. Our national response must be driven by science, data, evidence and facts. #FamiliesFirst @TheBeatWithAriAs Orthodox Christians across America and around the world receive the Light during this unprecedented time, I wish you all a Happy Easter.Even as the world confronts the coronavirus crisis, democracy and human rights continue to be attacked in Hong Kong. @RepMcGovern is right @realDonaldTrump must swiftly begin implementing the Hong Kong Human Rights & Democracy Act.Testing, testing, testing.  Only by expanding testing can we open the door to rebuilding our economy. #FamiliesFirstProviding for frontline workers and small businesses in communities across the country is essential to achieving our goal of protecting the lives and livelihoods of hardworking American families. #FamiliesFirst @TheBeatWithAriChairman @BennieGThompson and @HouseDemocrats understand the key to succeeding in this crisis is working together & using the truth as our guide. #FamiliesFirstTo say People will die, so be it instead of a science & testing-based path to reopening the economy is deeply frivolous & wrong. Every life is precious. Each death is heartbreaking for a family & for a community. This is something we are all in together. #FamiliesFirstI will be speaking with reporters at 12:15 pm ET as House Democrats continue our work #ForThePeople. Listen in here:Delaying direct payments to vulnerable families just to print his name on the check is another shameful example of President Trumps catastrophic failure to treat this crisis with the urgency it demands.The Paycheck Protection Program is a crucial tool for protecting workers across the country yet serious flaws are keeping far too many small businesses from receiving the resources they need. The @SenateGOP must stop blocking commonsense solutions that put #FamiliesFirst.There are important decisions ahead. Making the right choices requires understanding the truth of what took place & of what is currently happening.The truth is a weak person, a poor leader, takes no responsibility. A weak person blames others.The truth is because of an incompetent reaction to this health crisis, the strong economy handed to Donald Trump is now a disaster, causing the suffering of countless Americans and endangering lives.The truth is that we did not have proper testing available in March despite Trump repeatedly claiming that we did; and even now, we do not have adequate tests, masks, PPE, and necessary equipment, which creates unnecessary death and suffering.The truth is that Donald Trump told his most loyal followers that the pandemic was a hoax and that it would magically disappear, thus endangering lives and paving the way for economic disaster.The truth is that in January Donald Trump was warned about this pandemic, ignored those warnings, took insufficient action and caused unnecessary death and disaster.Now more than ever, we need the truth. And the truth is that Donald Trump dismantled the infrastructure handed to him which was meant to plan for and overcome a pandemic, resulting in unnecessary deaths and economic disaster.I understand the instincts of scientists who dont want to appear political. But make no mistake: the decision not to speak is a political decision. #FamiliesFirst #LateLateShowThe Administration needs to prioritize understanding who is most at risk during this crisis. Only then can we make the data-driven decisions that will allow us to fight & defeat this coronavirus. #FamiliesFirst #LateLateShowWe all have found our ways to keep our spirits up during these trying times. Mine just happens to fill up my freezer. #LateLateShowGrocery, pharmacy & food processing workers are doing their part to be sure families have what they need! Say thank you by being sure to #ShopSmart: 1) Wear a mask inside the store 2) Keep 6+ ft between yourself & others 3) Properly dispose of gloves #SaveLivesSmall businesses, hospitals, frontline workers and state & local governments across America are struggling to keep up with this crisis. They need more help from the federal government & they need it fast. #FamiliesFirst Read my statement with @SenSchumer:Wishing you all a #HappyEaster!On a bipartisan basis, governors are crying out for help and Congress must act. Democrats will continue to push for urgently needed funds for state and local governments in the interim emergency bill and #CARES2. #FamiliesFirstOur state and local governments are in crisis, and between emergency expenses and rising unemployment sapping revenue, they need an immediate infusion of funds to prevent the collapse of essential services.So much has changed in the 37 days since we came together to honor you during Womens History Month, @DoloresHuerta. Yet as we mark your birthday today, we take strength from your decades-long example of fighting for working families across the country. Si, se puede!Congress cannot ignore the issues that have emerged in the Small Business Administrations relief programs. Main Street small businesses in underbanked or rural communities must not be left behind by the Paycheck Protection Program. #FamiliesFirstI was heartbroken to learn of the passing of Phyllis Lyon: an icon of San Francisco and an LGBTQ rights trailblazer who used her voice to fight for justice and hold our nation accountable to its Founding values.Hospitals and our state & local governments are carrying much of the burden of fighting the coronavirus. We must make sure they have the resources they need to succeed. @MadMoneyOnCNBC #FamiliesFirstTesting is the key to reopening our economy. We must have a clear picture of just how the coronavirus is affecting our communities. @MadMoneyOnCNBC #FamiliesFirstReports of abuse and neglect inflicted by U.S. immigration agents on a pregnant Guatemalan woman in labor during asylum processing are deeply concerning. @DHSOIG must immediately begin an investigation into this unacceptable behavior.Im speaking with reporters right now. Listen in here:I will be holding my weekly press conference call with reporters at 12:15 pm ET today. Listen in here:Wishing the very best to each and every member of Americas Jewish community as families across the country mark the start of Passover this evening.30 years after his death, Ryan Whites courageous legacy remains an inspiration to all fighting to relegate HIV/AIDS to the history books and ensure all people living with HIV are able to live full lives free from discrimination.No American should be forced to choose between staying healthy and exercising their right to vote. @cnnnewsroom #FamiliesFirstThe sudden removal & replacement of Acting IG Glenn Fine is part of a disturbing pattern of retaliation by the President against independent overseers fulfilling their duties to conduct oversight on behalf of the American people.The Congress has taken decisive action to respond to the coronavirus but there is still more to do to protect the health and financial security of Americas families. #TRMS #FamiliesFirstThe late-night firing of Inspector General Atkinson is a brazen act against a patriotic public servant who has honorably performed his duty to protect the Constitution and our national security, as required by the law and by his oath.Vote-by-mail is essential to protecting the future of our democracy as we confront this public health crisis. There is no legitimate argument against enacting it. #LSSCWere up to about 90% of Americans being under shelter-in-place orders. It should be 100 percent. #FamiliesFirst #LSSCChairwoman @NitaLowey is an invaluable leader in the fight to put #FamiliesFirst during this crisis. Her message is clear: by working together, Americans can save lives and set the stage for a strong recovery.The coronavirus is moving swiftly, and our communities cannot afford for us to wait. House Democrats will continue to work relentlessly and in a bipartisan way to lift up American families and workers. #FamiliesFirstHistory shows us that proper, timely Congressional oversight not only saves money it saves lives. #FamiliesFirst #LSSCOur work goes on to ensure that the #CARESAct is properly implemented and to prepare for the next phase of our #FamiliesFirst agenda. #LSSCEither the Administration didnt know how to respond to the coming crisis, or they refused to accept the threat that it posed. Anything else is just an excuse. #AMRWe need to be doing more to ensure Americans have the health care they need. Instead, the President is continuing his mission to steal coverage from millions & tear protections away from the more than 130 million Americans living with pre-existing conditions. #AMR #FamiliesFirstThe House will not walk away from its duty to ensure that the resources provided through our #FamiliesFirst legislative packages are used wisely & effectively. #AMRWe have no right to even pay respects to frontline medical workers if we cant get them the equipment they need to stay safe and save lives. President Trump must use the full power of the Defense Production Act to meet their needs. #AMR #FamiliesFirstLed by @WhipClyburn, the Select Committee will root out waste, fraud, and abuse, and ensure money makes it to those who need it most the working families struggling to pay rent and put food on the table. #FamiliesFirstThe Congress has so far passed three pieces of legislation totaling over $2 trillion in emergency relief. To ensure that your tax dollars are being spent carefully & effectively, I am announcing the formation of the bipartisan House Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis.With Native communities across the United States at risk, @HouseDemocrats are working to protect lives in Indian Country ensuring tribes and @IHSgov have the resources needed to stop the spread of the coronavirus and save lives. #CoronavirusIndianCountryI am speaking with reporters as House Democrats continue our work supporting health care workers nationwide and protecting the livelihoods of American families. #FamiliesFirstI will be holding my weekly press conference at 10:45 am ET via conference call. Listen in here:Hoy es el Da del Censo! Da de unirnos por la democracia, de luchar por nuestras familias, de luchar por nuestras comunidades y de ser contados en el #Censo2020.As our heroic frontline health care workers continue the fight against the coronavirus, we must lay the groundwork for our recovery & act to protect the livelihoods of millions of Americans. #FamiliesFirst @cnnnewsroomFrom representation in the House to the allocation of taxpayer dollars, the #2020Census is at the heart of the proper function of our democracy. Stand up and #BeCounted from the comfort of your own home.During this difficult time for Americas workers, equal pay for equal work remains as important as ever.  Read my full statement on #EqualPayDay here:Csar Chvezs towering vision and determined voice helped put the American dream within reach for millions. His commitment to putting workers and families first remains our inspiration and our responsibility. #CesarChavezDayPresident Trump must immediately implement the Defense Production Act. American lives depend on quickly & efficiently delivering personal protective equipment and ventilators to communities across the country. #FamiliesFirstRead my full statement here:While the President has made clear he will ignore oversight provisions in the #CARESAct, Acting IG Fine must exercise his full oversight authority to ensure that the Admin uses this relief package to help workers, not to pad the pockets of corporations & the wealthiest few.Ten years ago, Democrats made the single largest investment in student aid in U.S. history with the Student Aid & Fiscal Responsibility Act. Last week, we secured student borrower relief in the CARES Act & will prioritize student debt throughout this crisis. #FamiliesFirstWe cannot deny the facts on the ground. We owe it to those working to save lives to quickly ramp up testing and deliver personal protective equipment. #FamiliesFirst #CNNSOTUThe #CARESAct was just a down payment in the fight against the coronavirus. We can and will do more to help state & local governments as they fight this public health crisis. #FamiliesFirst #CNNSOTUI will be joining CNNs @jaketapper at 9 am ET on Sunday to discuss the ongoing efforts to fight the coronavirus in communities across the country. #CNNSOTUThe #CARESAct is nothing short of an act of legislative jujitsu. Republicans presented a corporate-focused plan, and Democrats flipped it around and delivered expansions to unemployment insurance, support for small businesses, and so much more. #FamiliesFirst #TRMSWe will get through this epidemic by working together, guided by the best advice from our nations public health experts and frontline medical workers. #FamiliesFirstA life-long fighter of freedom for all & a giant of the civil rights movement, Rev. Joseph Lowerys legacy of equality & justice will live on. May it be a comfort to his family that so many mourn with them during this difficult time.The Presidents attempts to avoid oversight are a surprise to no one. Rest assured: the Congress will exercise its oversight responsibilities. #FamiliesFirst #TRMSThe #CARESAct is an important step in supporting our frontline health care workers and the broader health system as we confront the coronavirus but there is far more to do to ensure they have all the resources they need. #FamiliesFirst #TRMSThe Houses passage of the bipartisan #CARESAct sends a clear message: we are all committed to protecting Americas workers and families as our nation confronts this public health crisis. #FamiliesFirstMembers of Congress are coming together following the passage of the bipartisan #CARESAct, a families & workers-first relief package. With my signature, this legislation heads to the Presidents desk. #FamiliesFirstIn a short time, Members of Congress will mark the passage of the workers and families-focused, bipartisan #CARESAct. #FamiliesFirst Tune in here:We must heed the guidance of the experts as we confront this pandemic. Science is an answer to our prayers. #FamiliesFirstThe next steps as we put #FamiliesFirst? -Expanding who qualifies for paid family & medical leave -Stronger OSHA protections for workers -Action to protect pensions -Increase SNAP funding -More funding for state & local governments -Ensuring free coronavirus treatmentTesting. Masks. Ventilators. Its not a mystery we need many more. The President must invoke the Defense Production Act to immediately mass produce and coordinate distribution of these vital supplies. #FamiliesFirstIm speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol. Tune in here:I will be speaking with reporters live at 10:45 am ET at the U.S. Capitol as the House continues its work to put workers and #FamiliesFirst in the fight against the coronavirus.  Watch here:Congressional Democrats have turned the Senate Republicans bill upside down, transforming it from trickle down proposal into a relief plan that puts #FamiliesFirst. #SitRoomThe best way we can show our thanks to our frontline health care workers is by getting them the personal protective equipment they need to carry out their task. #FamiliesFirst #SitRoomThe best way to protect our economy in this crisis is to protect workers & families, who are the life-blood of it. That is why we are working to get money into the hands of workers as soon as possible. #FamiliesFirst @SquawkStreetAs we mark the 10th anniversary of the Affordable Care Act, I call on the President to drop his lawsuit attacking Americans health care. We should be fighting to ensure more people have access to quality care, not doing the opposite. #ProtectOurCare10 years ago, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law, because we believe health care must be a right, not a privilege. Today, Americans know their coverage is protected thanks to the ACA coverage they need now more than ever. #ProtectOurCareToday, we mark the 10th anniversary of the Affordable Care Act and introduce the third #FamiliesFirst proposal, the Take Responsibility for Workers and Families Act.I will be making a statement at 2 pm ET as we mark the 10th anniversary of the Affordable Care Act and introduce the third #FamiliesFirst proposal, the Take Responsibility for Workers and Families Act. Watch here:The Senate Republicans bill put corporations first, not workers & families. Today, @HouseDemocrats will unveil a bill that takes responsibility for the health, wages & well-being of Americas workers: the Take Responsibility for Workers & Families Act.55 years after the Selma marches, we honor the stories of the brave, patriotic men and women who risked everything on the long, dangerous march toward freedom..@RepPeterDeFazio is working to put #FamiliesFirst and keep the essential workers & resources moving that are the backbone of the fight against the coronavirus.Today, we join our Iranian American friends & neighbors in marking the celebration of Nowruz and praying for the health & safety of our communities, including all those in Iran who have lost loved ones and those who are suffering during this challenging time..@SenSchumer & I are beginning to review Senator McConnells proposal and on first reading, it is not at all pro-worker and instead puts corporations way ahead of workers.Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:Any economic stimulus proposal must include new, strong and strict provisions that prioritize and protect workers, such as banning the recipient companies from buying back stock, rewarding executives and laying off workers.Congressional Democrats are united in our commitment to using all tools available to fight the coronavirus outbreak like the health crisis it is & make sure workers are protected from the loss of a paycheck or that no family falls into financial ruin because of this pandemic.The House has moved swiftly to protect the education and economic security of more than 500,000 GI Bill students under threat during the coronavirus crisis.Read my full statement here:The President must immediately use the powers of the Defense Production Act to mass produce and coordinate distribution of critical medical supplies & personal protective equipment. There is not a day to lose. #FamiliesFirstToday, the Senate joined the House in passing smart, science-based legislation to put #FamiliesFirst as America confronts the coronavirus. We are already working on a third bill, which will take bold action for workers & their families.The #FamiliesFirst bill was about many things but first and foremost: testing testing testing. I urge Senators to pass this legislation today, to make free testing and the masks needed to provide it available ASAP. Any delay is a delay in testing.Everyone, young and old, needs to act now to slow the spread of COVID-19. The best thing Americans can to do fight coronavirus? #coronavirusLarge employers and corporations must step up to the plate and offer paid sick leave and paid family & medical leave to their workers. Both now as we fight the #coronavirus and in the years to come. #COVID19I dont support U.S. taxpayer money subsidizing corporations to provide benefits to workers that they should already be providing. House Democrats will continue to prioritize strong emergency leave policies as we fight to put #FamiliesFirst.From food security to paid family leave, the bipartisan #FamiliesFirst Coronavirus Response Act, which we vote on tonight, is focused on delivering support to families across America as we confront this public health crisis.As the Senate works to pass #FamiliesFirst, the House will begin work on a third emergency response package to protect the health, economic security and well-being of the American people.For families health security, #FamiliesFirst increases federal funds for Medicaid to support our local, state, tribal and territorial governments and health systems, so that they have the resources necessary to combat this crisis.For families food security, #FamiliesFirst strengthens nutrition security initiatives such as SNAP, student meals, seniors nutrition & food banks. 22 million children rely on free or reduced-price school meals for their food security; we must ensure that they have food to eat.For families economic security, #FamiliesFirst secures paid emergency leave with two weeks of paid sick leave and up to three months of paid family and medical leave. We have also secured enhanced Unemployment insurance for those who lose their jobs.#FamiliesFirst is about testing, testing, testing. To stop the spread of the virus, we have secured free #coronavirus testing for everyone who needs a test, including the uninsured.Today, we will pass the Families First Coronavirus Response Act after reaching an agreement with the Administration. This legislation builds on the action that House Democrats took last week to put #FamiliesFirst with our strong, bipartisan $8.3 billion emergency funding package.Over the last several weeks, our nation has been faced with a challenge that tests our compassion, ingenuity and resolve: the coronavirus crisis. Now, the House is focused on providing support for Americas families, who must be our first priority. #FamiliesFirstI am delivering a statement about the #FamiliesFirst Coronavirus Response Act live from the U.S. Capitol.It was a pleasure to welcome Prime Minister @LeoVaradkar to the U.S. Capitol today to honor the strong relationship between the people of Ireland and the United States.It is a pleasure to welcome Prime Minister @LeoVaradkar to the U.S. Capitol for the Friends of Ireland Luncheon.At 11:30 am ET, I will be welcoming @LeoVaradkar of Ireland to the U.S. Capitol for the Friends of Ireland Luncheon. Tune in here:Im speaking with reporters as the House prepares to vote on legislation to ensure American families have the support they need as our country confronts the #coronavirus.I will be speaking with reporters at 10:45 am ET, ahead of the Houses vote on the #FamiliesFirst Coronavirus Response Act. Watch here:Read my full statement here:We cannot fight coronavirus effectively unless everyone who needs to be tested knows they can get tested for free. We cannot slow an outbreak when workers are stuck w/ the terrible choice of staying home to avoid spreading illness & the paycheck their family cant afford to lose.#FamiliesFirst includes: -Free #coronavirus testing for everyone who needs a test -Paid emergency leave for workers -Enhanced unemployment insurance -Strengthened food security initiatives -Clear protections for frontline workers -Increased federal funds for MedicaidTonight, we introduced the #FamiliesFirst Coronavirus Response Act. This legislation focuses directly on providing support to Americas families, who must be our first priority in this emergency. #coronavirusBigoted statements which spread misinformation and blame Asians and the Asian American community for #coronavirus make us all less safe. @GOPLeader must delete this tweet and apologize immediately.The Paycheck Fairness Act has been waiting on @SenateMajLdr McConnells desk for over 300 days. Its time for him to finally bring this legislation up for a vote in the Senate so every woman in America can finally receive equal pay for equal work.Medicare & Medicaid form the bedrock of health care for millions of Americans. We cant let the President get away with tearing away their coverage.We need the #ForThePeople Act to ensure that we have a government of the people not a government of the money.One year after the House passage of H.R. 1, the #ForThePeople Act, Leader Mitch McConnell continues to block a vote on this critical legislation to restore ethics and transparency in government. Now, its time for action!Tune in at 11 am ET as House and Senate Democrats come together to call for action on the #ForThePeople Act, one year after the House passed this crucial legislation.Thank you to @Northeastern for welcoming me to participate in todays #NUWomenWhoEmpower Summit. Watch my conversation with @MeghnaWBUR here:.@SenSchumer & I are demanding that the Trump Administration prioritize the health and safety of American workers and their families over corporate interests. #coronavirusToday, and every day, we commit ourselves to the ongoing fight for genuine equality for all of the worlds women and girls. #InternationalWomensDay.@RepRaulRuizMD is an emergency doctor, public health expert, and disaster aid specialist. He knows what it takes to confront public health crises like #coronavirus. Tune in as he explains what the House is doing to protect Americans and what you can do to stay safe & healthy.With the Presidents signature, the $8.3 billion #coronavirus emergency response package goes into effect without stealing a dime from other critical initiatives.This #coronavirus emergency response package gives our government the resources it needs to confront this public health crisis without stealing a dime from other critical initiatives. With my signature, it goes to the Presidents desk.In 2018, America sent a historic number of women to Washington. Now, their vision & leadership is building a brighter future for women & girls all across the country. #WomensHistoryMonthThe bipartisan #coronavirus emergency response package will give the government the resources to keep Americans safe. With my signature, it goes to the Presidents desk.I am speaking with reporters following yesterdays passage of a bipartisan, bicameral agreement on an emergency #coronavirus response package to ensure the government has the resources needed to keep Americans safe.I will be holding my weekly press conference at 12:15 pm ET at the U.S. Capitol. Tune in as I speak with reporters.The TAIPEI Act celebrates and supports Taiwans commitment to democracy, by preserving and promoting its position on the international stage. Today and on all days, Congress continues to send a message to the world that America stands with Taiwan.The anti-choice Louisiana law before the Supreme Court today is identical to a Texas law which the Court struck down just four years ago. Respect for women, precedent & the Constitution demand the Court deliver the same result.The House will now move swiftly to pass this vital #coronavirus emergency response package. Read my full statement here:Further, the bill takes steps to prevent price-gouging of these medicines developed with taxpayer dollars, and allows an estimated $7 billion in low-interest SBA loans to small businesses impacted by this epidemic.This agreement includes: -$3 billion for treatment & vaccine development -$2.2 billion in public health funding for prevention, preparedness & response -$300 million to ensure Americans access to the vaccineTodays bipartisan, bicameral agreement on a $8.3 billion emergency #coronavirus response funding package will allow us to deliver the coordinated, whole-of-government response needed to keep Americans safe.Investing in our public schools is the key to unlocking a bright future for young people across the country. Thats why House Democrats stand with national education leaders in support of the Rebuild Americas Schools Act. #MovingForwardTune in at 2:30 pm ET as @HouseDemocrats come together with national education leaders to lift up the Rebuild Americas Schools Act, which will keep our school & our students #MovingForward to a brighter future.Read my full statement here:My staff and I are closely following developments surrounding the tornadoes that devastated Tennessee overnight. Paul and I are keeping everyone affected in our prayers, especially the families of those who lost their lives.Every time an American is forced to ration medication or not fill a prescription, it's a failure of Senate Republicans. The House has voted to allow HHS to negotiate for #LowerDrugCosts. How long do families have to wait for @SenateMajLdr to do the same?The ACA is a pillar of health & economic security for American families and even more critical during an epidemic. But in the middle of the #coronavirus crisis, the Trump Admin continues to ask the courts to tear health coverage away from millions.Cautiously optimistic about U.S.-Taliban agreement for conditions-based troop drawdown. Many significant additional steps remain to achieve comprehensive and enduring peace. Afghan women must be at the negotiating table; their voices must be heard.#WomensHistoryMonth reminds us that when women succeed, America succeeds.Congress is taking steps to ensure the government has access to the resources needed to combat this deadly virus & keep Americans safe. House appropriators are working hard on a funding package which we hope to vote on next week.Sadly and prayerfully, today, we learned of the first death from the #coronavirus in the United States. The American people expect a well-coordinated, fully-funded response that appropriately addresses this public health crisis.Intelligence should never be guided by partisanship or politics. Rep. John Ratcliffes embrace of conspiracy theories and distrust of law enforcement & intelligence patriots disqualify him from leading Americas intel community.The mother of the civil rights movement, Dorothy Height dedicated her life to the pursuit of justice for all, fighting tirelessly to turn the tides of history towards progress. #BlackHistoryMonthWhenever people ask for the three most important issues in our country, I tell them the same thing: -The children -The children -The children We must do all we can to help young Americans achieve their full potential. Today, we do that by confronting the youth tobacco epidemic.Today, the House takes up legislation to combat the youth tobacco epidemic. Tune in as House Democrats discuss H.R. 2339, the Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act.Chairman Elijah E. Cummings was our North Star. He led the @OversightDems with character & integrity, and his legacy of principled leadership will stand for years to come. Today, @RepMaloney & I dedicate the Oversight and Reform Hearing Room in his honor.Today, we dedicate the Oversight and Reform Hearing Room to our beloved Chairman Elijah E. Cummings. Watch here at 4 pm ET:One year after the House passed bipartisan background checks legislation, we have a simple question for @SenateMajLdr McConnell: Why do you think your political survival is more important than the survival of Americas children? #EndGunViolenceToday marks 365 days since the House passed bipartisan background checks legislation and still Leader McConnell refuses to take action.  Enough is enough. Tune in as Democrats come together to demand a vote to #EndGunViolence.One year ago, the House passed bipartisan background checks legislation to #EndGunViolence. At 2 pm ET, House & Senate Democrats will come together to call on Leader McConnell to finally bring a vote on this effort to save lives. Watch here:Any emergency funding supplemental the Congress approves must be entirely new funding not stolen from other accounts. Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:The first step the Congress must make is to ensure the government has the resources needed to combat this deadly #coronavirus and keep Americans safe.The U.S. Government must do more to address the spread of #coronavirus in a smart, strategic, and serious way. @SenSchumer & I stand ready to work in a bipartisan fashion in Congress & with the Admin to achieve this goal. This is not the time for name-calling or playing politics.Tune in as I speak with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol.I will be holding my weekly press conference live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:The House will be advancing a strong, strategic funding package with transparency and accountability that fully addresses the scale and seriousness of this public health crisis.Instead of delivering the well-coordinated, fully-funded #coronavirus response Americans deserve, the Trump Admin continues to leave key positions vacant & ransack other vital public health needs.Read my full statement here:We are closely following developments surrounding the shooting in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Our prayers are with the families who have lost loved ones and the first responders protecting the community. Congress has a duty to them all to take real action to #EndGunViolence.Racially-motivated acts of terror have long been a part of American history. Today, we confront that violent reality by finally acting to make lynching a hate crime. Thank you to @RepBobbyRush & @RepKarenBass for championing this essential legislation.In their failed attempt to pass two anti-choice, anti-women bills, Senate Republicans have once again attacked the freedom of women to make their own health decisions in consultation with their families, their physicians & their faith.The House passed the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act to negotiate lower Rx prices for America's seniors & families but Leader McConnell still refuses to take action. How many people have to watch their loved ones go without necessary medications before the Senate will vote on #HR3?A gifted writer, James Baldwin used the power of his pen to shine a light on the devastating impact of racism in America. His poignant literature reminds us to exhibit compassion & courage as we fight to achieve a more just society. #BlackHistoryMonthThe House will swiftly advance a strong, strategic funding package that fully addresses the scale and seriousness of this public health crisis.Our state and local governments need serious funding to be ready to respond effectively to any outbreak in the U.S. The President should not be raiding money that Congress has appropriated for other life-or-death public health priorities.Weeks after the #TrumpBudget called for slashing the CDC budget during this coronavirus epidemic, this undersized funding request shows an ongoing failure to understand urgent public health needs.The Presidents most recent budget called for slashing funding for the Centers for Disease Control, which is on the frontlines of this emergency. And now, he is compounding our vulnerabilities by seeking to ransack funds still needed to keep Ebola in check.For almost two years, the Trump Administration has left critical positions in charge of managing pandemics at the National Security Council and the Department of Homeland Security vacant.Americans need a coordinated, fully-funded, whole-of-government response to keep them and their loved ones safe. The Presidents request for coronavirus response funding is long overdue and completely inadequate to the scale of this emergency.It was a pleasure to try my hand at making fortune cookies at the Golden Gate Fortune Cookie Factory (with a little guidance from owner Kevin Chan, of course). The message inside? United We Stand.Katherine Johnson pioneered new frontiers for space exploration & shattered barriers of race and gender, inspiring generations of women & girls to reach for the stars. May it be a comfort to her family that so many mourn with them.Thank you @RepSylviaGarcia & @Port_Houston for the wonderful opportunity to join local Houston business & labor leaders for an engaging discussion on the USMCA and @HouseDemocrats bold #MovingForward infrastructure proposal to rebuild America in a green new way.This week, @RepJohnYarmuth is holding President Trump accountable for the #TrumpBudget proposal that would cut more than a trillion dollars from Medicare & Medicaid, threatening health care for families & seniors across America.Trumps FCC repealed #NetNeutrality without considering public safety. Now theyre trying to hide their latest moves. @senatemajldr, give consumers & innovators the net neutrality protections they deserve, and take up the #SavetheNet Act the House passed nearly 300 days ago.Wishing my dear friend, the Conscience of the Congress, @RepJohnLewis a very happy birthday! Every day, your courage inspires us all to fight for freedom, justice and a more perfect union.We await the election security briefing for Members on March 10.American voters should decide American elections not Vladimir Putin. All Members of Congress should condemn the Presidents reported efforts to dismiss threats to the integrity of our democracy & to politicize our intel community.Looking forward to joining you all to celebrate in a few short months, @smithcollege! #Smith2020President Trump has once again put his political interests ahead of Americas national security interests by appointing an Acting Director of National Intelligence whose sole qualification is his absolute loyalty to the President.A gifted poet, Gwendolyn Brooks became the first African American to win a Pulitzer Prize. Breaking racial barriers within American literature, Brooks distinguished artistry & influence helped open the doors to generations of black poets & artists. #BlackHistoryMonthI am grateful to the Members of our distinguished delegation for their valuable contribution to our discussions on national security, economic cooperation and democratic values.On Saturday, we appreciated the opportunity to meet with Afghanistan President @AshrafGhani to discuss efforts to advance peace and stability, to fight the drug trade, and to ensure that negotiations with the Taliban do not set back the progress achieved by Afghan women.A conversation with Norwegian Prime Minister @Erna_Solberg shared Norways perspective on the state of the Afghanistan peace talks and security in the Arctic Circle.Our delegation met with German Foreign Minister @HeikoMaas for a conversation focused on our vital NATO partnership with Germany as well as the grave security concerns with Huawei 5G technology.Our Congressional delegation came to #MSC2020 to deliver the message that the U.S. commitment to NATO and the transatlantic alliance is ironclad.Protecting whistleblowers is essential to shining light on misconduct in our government and the private sector. Today, I am naming Shanna Devine as the first Director of the House of Representatives Office of the Whistleblower Ombudsman.For 352 days, H.R. 8, lifesaving legislation to #EndGunViolence, has sat on Leader McConnells desk despite calls for action by the people of Parkland and Americans nationwide. @HouseDemocrats stand with these persistent, young leaders to demand an end to the bloodshed.Two years after an act of terror and murder stole 17 lives and injured 17 others in Parkland, Florida, we continue to be inspired by the survivors & families who turned their grief into courageous action. #NeverAgainSpeaking at the 2020 Munich Security Conference, discussing the battle between democracy and autocracy that faces the West today. #MSC2020 Watch here:Honored to present Cardinal Joseph Zen with the Wei Jingsheng Chinese Democracy Champion Prize. He inspires all who work to protect those fighting for their beliefs.Read my full statement with @SenSchumer here:The Presidents latest effort to steal Congressionally-appropriated military funding in order to build his wasteful, ineffective border wall undermines our national security and the separation of powers enshrined in our Constitution.Today, with this strong War Powers Resolution, the Senate is joining the House in honoring our responsibility: keeping the American people safe. The Congress and the American people know we cannot afford war.Tune in as I hold my weekly press conference live at the U.S. Capitol.I will be speaking with reporters live at the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Watch here:More than 20 years after an act of hate stole Matthew Shepards life, his parents, Judy & Dennis, continue to fight to ensure every American can live dignity, no matter who they are or whom they love. Thank you to the @LGBTEqCaucus for bringing us together for todays discussion.Every day the GOP anti-health care lawsuit is allowed to endure is another day that Americans health care is under threat. Today, the House filed a brief asking the Supreme Court to hear this case now.  Read the brief here:One of the greatest athletes ever, Serena Williams is a champion on & off the court. Bringing attention to issues such as the maternal mortality crisis among black women, Williams reminds us to use our power to call out inequality wherever it arises. #BlackHistoryMonthAcross the country, millions of women have raised a drumbeat for ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment. Tomorrow, the House will pass legislation to remove the ratification deadline for the ERA and bring it closer to taking effect. #ERANowThe Presidents budget would increase the national debt passing that expense on to our children all so he can give a tax cut to the wealthiest Americans. #TrumpBudgetIts time to ensure all Americans enjoy equal protection under the law and make equality for women a reality. #ERANowTune in at 11:30 am ET as Congressional Democrats come together ahead of tomorrows historic vote to remove the ratification deadline for the Equal Rights Amendment. #ERANow Watch here:By tweet @realDonaldTrump engaged in political interference in the sentencing of Roger Stone. It is outrageous that DOJ has deeply damaged the rule of law by withdrawing its recommendation. Stepping down of prosecutors should be commended & actions of DOJ should be investigated.This AAPI Equal Pay Day, we recommit ourselves to the moral cause of economic prosperity for all Americans and decry the fact that on this day, AAPI womens wages finally catch up to a mans earnings from the previous year. Its unacceptable. #AAPIEqualPay30,000 veterans 700,000 residents 219 years without a full voice in our government The people of Washington, DC have been denied a full voice in their own government for far too long. Its time for #DCStatehood.The #TrumpBudget is defined by countless broken promises to the American people.The #TrumpBudget is an attack on the good health, financial security and well-being of the American people. Tune in at 12:15 pm ET as @SenSchumer and I discuss its broken promises to hard-working families.Congratulations on the @Chiefs Super Bowl victory, @RepCleaver. Now, with the end of our wager, its time for me to pay up.Half a trillion slashed from Medicare. $900 billion cut from Medicaid. The #TrumpBudget is the latest in a long line of attacks the President has carried out on the health & economic security of hard-working Americans.Soaring prices are putting must-have medications out of reach for too many Americans. @HouseDemocrats passed the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act to set things straight. Its time for Leader McConnell to stop blocking change.The budget is a statement of values. Once again, the #TrumpBudget makes it painfully clear how little the President values the good health, financial security and well-being of Americas hard-working families.Wonderful to take time to visit with some of our nations hardworking governors today at the @NatlGovsAssoc Winter Meeting. Such a pleasure to speak with Gov. Lou Leon Guerrero of Guam, @OregonGovBrown, and Maines @GovJanetMills. #WeTheStatesLast week, we stood up against President Trumps efforts to mislead the American people & took a stand for workers rights. Here are a few moments that stood out.In declaring their loyalty to the president over our Constitution, Leader McConnell & Senate Republicans have made a farce of the old boast that the U.S. Senate is the greatest deliberative body in the world. #DefendOurDemocracyRead my full statement here:Lieutenant Colonel Vindman has proven to be an American patriot. His firing was a clear and brazen act of retaliation that showcases the Presidents fear of the truth and the vindictiveness which led Republican Senators to be accomplices to President Trumps cover-up..@RepAndyLevin has spent most of his career fighting for workers rights. Now, he is continuing that work by fighting to see the #PROAct become law.Grateful to @RepThompson and every House Democrat who spoke out during Gun Violence Survivors Week. Gun violence impacts American communities every day. Survivors deserve to know Congress is serious in our commitment to #EndGunViolence.Thank you, Interim President @jguaido, for joining us today to discuss the plight of the people of Venezuela. We stand with you and support your calls for free & fair elections.The Tuskegee Airmen bravely fought enemies abroad & racism at home. Our nation is forever grateful for their heroism, fighting for the values of America: equality, justice & opportunity. #BlackHistoryMonthIt is my pleasure to welcome Interim President @jguaido of Venezuela to the U.S. Capitol.-Rural hospitals -Families helping loved ones fight opioid addiction -People struggling to afford their medications These are just a few examples of who could suffer if the Trump Admins illegal scheme to slash Medicaid through block grants is successful. #ProtectOurCareToday, we will have the pleasure of welcoming Interim President @jguaido of Venezuela to the U.S. Capitol at 2:30 pm ET.  Watch here:Im speaking with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol.The House will continue to protect our Constitution & #DefendOurDemocracy, both in the courts of law and in the court of public opinion.Because of the Republican Senates betrayal of the Constitution, the President remains an ongoing threat to American democracy, with his insistence that he is above the law and that he can corrupt the elections if he wants to.The President will boast that he has been acquitted. There can be no acquittal without a trial, and no trial without witnesses, documents and evidence.President Trump was impeached with the support of a majority of the American people a first in our nations history. And now he is the first President in history to face a bipartisan vote to convict him in the Senate.Our Founders put safeguards in the Constitution to protect against a rogue president. They never imagined that they would at the same time have a rogue leader in the Senate who would cowardly abandon his duty to uphold the Constitution.The most important table in America is the kitchen table. Tomorrow, we will pass the #PROAct to protect Americans rights to join a union and raise the purchasing power of families across America. #ForThePeopleAmericans are demanding action to lower prescription drug prices. Its time for Senate Republicans to stop blocking a vote on the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act that House Democrats passed in December. #ForThePeople.Democrats have been working to build an economy that works for workers since Day One. This week, we build on that progress by passing the #PROAct, to protect the rights of workers to join a union.The manifesto of mistruths presented in page after page of the address tonight should be a call to action for everyone who expects truth from the President and policies worthy of his office and the American people. #SOTUDemocrats are committed to improving health care and lowering prescription drug prices #ForThePeople. Thank you, @GovWhitmer, for giving such clarity to our shared Democratic message. #SOTUDemocrats will never stop extending the hand of friendship to get the job done #ForThePeople. We will work to find common ground where we can, but will stand our ground where we cannot. #SOTU.@RepEscobar entrega la respuesta demcrata en espaol al discurso del Estado de la Unin del Presidente Trump..@GovWhitmer delivers the Democratic Response to the Presidents #SOTU address.From trying to tear down protections for people with pre-existing conditions to the health care sabotage that is driving up families premiums, President Trump is waging an all-out assault on Americans health care. #SOTU Learn more:When given the opportunity to work with Democrats on a plan to rebuild Americas infrastructure, the President stormed away from the table instead of getting down to work. #SOTU  Learn more:Be sure to watch tonight as @RepEscobar, the first Latina elected to her seat, shares the Democratic Spanish-language response to President Trumps #SOTU address.  Tune in here after the Presidents speech:Esta noche, la primera latina elegida al Congreso como representante de la ciudad fronteriza de El Paso, Texas, @RepEscobar, dar la respuesta demcrata en espaol al discurso del Estado de la Unin del presidente Trump. No se lo pierda.Proud to join my fellow @HouseDemWomen today as we #WearWhite to show support for the ongoing fight to achieve equality for women across the country.President Trump wants you to think hes a champion for people with pre-existing conditions. The truth? Right now, hes asking the courts to strike down protections for the 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. #SOTU Learn more:Tune in tonight to hear from @GovWhitmer of Michigan as she delivers the Democratic Response following President Trumps #SOTU address.  Tune in here after the Presidents speech:President Trump promised to negotiate like crazy for lower prescription prices. That must mean not negotiate at all, because he has stood side by side with Big Pharma against @HouseDemocrats bill to do exactly that, the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act. #SOTU1) Health care 2) Health care 3) Health care Those are the three most important issues to Americas working families and that is why Democrats have invited dozens of patients, doctors & health care advocates to sit in the House Gallery tonight. #SOTUAt Democrats invitation, patients, doctors & health care advocates from across the country will attend the State of the Union tonight. Watch as they join Democrats this afternoon to discuss the Presidents ongoing attacks on Americans health care. #SOTUHouse & Senate Democrats have invited patients, doctors & health care advocates to this year's State of the Union to highlight the President's efforts to tear health care away from millions  Tune in here at 3 pm ET as we discuss:Democrats championed the #VolckerRule to prevent the financial recklessness that led to 8 million jobs lost & record foreclosures after the Great Recession. By weakening this rule, the Trump Admin is gambling with the financial future of millions of working families in America.To our @49ers: thank you for an incredible season, and an inspiring performance on the field tonight. You made us proud. Congratulations to the @Chiefs on their victory. #SuperBowlLooking forward to hearing @GovWhitmer & @RepEscobar share Democrats message with the American people after the Presidents #SOTU address on Tuesday. Dont forget to tune in!Wishing the very best to our @49ers tonight. Make us proud! #SuperBowl #GoNinersI am greatly saddened to hear of the passing of Sister Margaret Claydon: a beloved pillar of the Trinity community and a revolutionary who transformed womens education in America. May her courage continue to inspire the thousands of lives she touched.This #BlackHistoryMonth, we celebrate our beautiful diversity and the outstanding contributions, achievements and strength of the African American community.It is a sad day for America to see Senator McConnell humiliate the Chief Justice of the United States into presiding over a vote which rejected our nations judicial norms, precedents and institutions which uphold the Constitution and the rule of law.In the coming weeks, the House will bring the NO BAN Act to the Floor to prohibit religious discrimination in our immigration system and limit the Presidents ability to impose such biased and bigoted restrictions.The Trump Admins expansion of its un-American travel ban is a threat to our security, our values and the rule of law. Barring more than 350 million people from predominantly African countries from traveling to the US, this rule is discrimination disguised as policy.President Trump was impeached for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. By refusing to call witnesses and compel documents, Senate Republicans have chosen to become accomplices in his cover-up. #DefendOurDemocracyYou cannot be acquitted if you dont have a trial. You dont have a trial if you dont have witnesses and documentation.  If Republican Senators choose a cover-up, the American people and history will judge it with the harshness it deserves.Today, we remember Fred Korematsu, for his bravery and defiance in the face of unjust treatment of Japanese Americans during World War II. He is a civil rights icon and is a forceful reminder that we can always do better, both as a people and as a nation. #FredKorematsuDay.@HouseDemocrats are committed to holding the line against the Trump Admins latest attacks on Americans health care. Tune in as I discuss this, along with our newly-unveiled #MovingForward infrastructure plan, with reporters.I will be speaking with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol at 10:45 am ET. Tune in here:Eleven years after the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act became law, far too many women & girls still face pay inequality every day. We can never backdown from our commitment to achieving pay #EqualPay for all. Its time for the Senate to pass the #PaycheckFairness Act!The American people have spoken clearly and history is on their side. The Senate must have a fair trial, including the witnesses & documents that were blocked by the President. #WeWantWitnesses #DefendOurDemocracyThe only thing that Ill savor more than Kansas Citys famous BBQ is watching the @49ers become Super Bowl Champions, @RepCleaver! #GoNiners #SBLIV.@HouseDemocrats are #MovingForward with a plan to create good-paying jobs & protect our environment, while building an infrastructure made to last #ForThePeople..@HouseDemocrats promised to rebuild America with a #ForThePeople infrastructure plan that creates good-paying jobs & protects the environment. Today, were #MovingForward. Tune in here at 10 am ET:The Supreme Courts decision to grant the Trump Admin more time to advance its cruel & unlawful attacks on immigrants is a serious & troubling departure from long-standing judicial norms.  Read my full statement here:Last week, I led a bipartisan Congressional Delegation to Poland and Israel to commemorate 75 years since the liberation of Auschwitz. It was an experience that will stay with my colleagues and I forever. #WeRememberSNAP is a vital lifeline for millions seeking a pathway out of poverty. Yesterday, the House filed a brief in federal court opposing the Trump Admins unlawful rule which will steal food from 700,000 Americans. #HandsOffSNAP  Read my full statement here:Trumps lawyers argued he has a right to abuse his power as much as he wants, and Congress can do nothing about it. Sounds familiar: Trump: I have an Article 2, where I have the right to do whatever I want as president. Congress can do something: hold a fair trial.The stories told by Holocaust survivors remind us of the consequences of unchecked evil & of our duty to stand up to anti-Semitism & all hatred wherever they appear. We must ensure that those stories & the lessons they provide live on forever. #HolocaustMemorialDay #WeRememberThree years after the Trump Admin launched its outrageous Muslim travel ban, reports indicate the Admin is preparing to expand this dangerous policy. Democrats will continue to stand up against Trumps efforts to dishonor our proud immigrant heritage.Amb. Bolton reportedly heard directly from Trump that aid for Ukraine was tied to political investigations. The refusal of the Senate to call for him, other relevant witnesses, and documents is now even more indefensible. The choice is clear: our Constitution, or a cover-up.Every Lunar New Year, San Francisco is transformed by the vibrancy & spirit that accompanies this time of celebration. As a new Year of the Rat begins, we rededicate ourselves to honoring our heritage & lifting up our immigrant communities across America.Thank you, Chairman. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepEscobars values and vision beautifully represent our party and our country. We look forward to hearing her positive message of progress during the Democratic Spanish language response to the State of the Union.Since day one, @GovWhitmer has rolled up her sleeves to get things done for the people of Michigan. She is uniquely qualified to deliver Democrats message of progress during the response to the State of the Union.This week, @RepSchneider joined me on a bipartisan Congressional delegation to Poland and Israel to commemorate 75 years since the liberation of Auschwitz. We all stand united in fighting anti-Semitism, both here at home and around the world. #WeRememberWe have already seen the impact, thoughtfulness, and brilliance of my women colleagues fighting to #DefendOurDemocracy. It is tragic that the President has betrayed his duty to the Constitution, but as Thomas Paine said, the times have found us.I am proud to join @SenSchumer in announcing that this years Democratic Response to the #SOTU will be delivered by @GovWhitmer, with @RepEscobar delivering the Spanish language response.Americans hearts are heavy with the news of the airplane crash in Australia that claimed the lives of three American firefighters. We extend our deepest condolences to the friends & families of these heroes who fought so bravely to protect those impacted by the wildfires.Today, we concluded our visit to Israel for the #WorldHolocaustForum ceremony with the presence and the personal narratives of Holocaust survivors. Their powerful stories of survival are critical lessons to the world to make sure this never happens again.This evening, our bipartisan Congressional delegation had the distinct honor to represent the U.S House of Representatives at the 5th #WorldHolocaustForum at @yadvashem to mark the 75-year remembrance of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau.Abuse of power.  Fox News' top legal analyst Judge Napolitano: "What is required for removal of the president? A demonstration of presidential commission of high crimes and misdemeanors, of which in Trump's case the evidence is ample and uncontradicted."This morning, during our visit to Israel for the #WorldHolocaustForum, I met with @PresidentRuvi where we discussed our shared commitment to continue to build upon the strong bipartisan U.S.-Israel relationship.Americans rely on clean water to grow our food, preserve our ecosystems & protect the health of our children. By giving polluters free rein to dump pollutants into waters, the Trump Admin is threatening the drinking water of 117 million Americans.Our nation has lost a champion for truth and transparency. As one of the founders of PBS NewsHour, as well as its longtime host, Jim Lehrer worked to keep Americas leaders accountable to the people. My prayers are with his wife, Kate, and their family.As our delegation prepares to participate in the #WorldHolocaustForum in Israel today, we are grateful that our first stop on this visit was to Auschwitz-Birkenau where so many Jews, Poles and others perished. Never again.47 years after #RoevWade ensured women's control over their reproductive health, our message is clear:  We will not go back.  We will not rest until all women have access to the comprehensive health care they need and are treated equally under the law.By failing to defend the @CFPB, the Trump Admin is failing millions of Americans whose financial security is threatened by abusive financial actors. Led by @RepMaxineWaters, House Democrats will fight these attacks on the Consumer Bureau.Today, our delegation began its visit in Israel by holding meetings w/ @Netanyahu, @YuliEdelstein & Knesset members, & @AvigdorLiberman w/ the purpose of continuing to build on the strong bonds between our two nations as we mark 75 years since the liberation of Auschwitz.President Trump confessed and then he tried to cover it up. Remember how we got here and why we need to #DefendOurDemocracy.Tonight, our bipartisan delegation concluded our visit to Poland by laying roses at the last remaining portion of the Ghetto Wall in Krakows Jewish quarter to honor the victims and survivors of the Holocaust.The House has filed a brief in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals condemning the Trump Admins use of government initiatives to stoke a campaign of fear & discrimination against Americas immigrant communities. Read my full statement here:In Krakow, our bipartisan delegation had the honor of visiting the bustling Jewish Community Center where we witnessed the centers efforts to expand the rapid resurgence of the Jewish awareness in Krakow and across Poland.The Trump Admin is engaged in an all-out campaign to destroy protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. The longer this GOP lawsuit continues, the longer it will drive up costs & endanger life-saving pre-existing condition protections.Today, our bipartisan Congressional Delegation visited Auschwitz-Birkenau to commemorate 75 years since liberation & reaffirm our commitment that the horrors of the Holocaust will never be repeated. Never Again.The Presidents legal position is that he has a right to abuse his power as much as he wants, and there is nothing Congress can do about it.  The Founders disagreed on both, and there is something Congress can do: hold a fair trial. #DefendOurDemocracyLeader McConnells plan for a dark of night impeachment trial confirms what the American people have seen since Day One: the Senate GOP Leader has chosen a cover-up for the President, rather than honor his oath to the Constitution.The draft #USMCA originally put forward by President Trump failed to protect Americas workers, had huge giveaways to Big Pharma & fell far short on the environment. The USMCA I signed this morning has been transformed by Democrats leadership for hard-working Americans.Martin Luther King, Jr.s lasting legacy of service and activism continues to inspire generations to fight for a brighter, more just future for all Americans. We must ensure the lessons he taught & the story of his life live on for generations to come. #MLKDayThe American people agree: the Senate needs to see the witnesses and documents that President Trump blocked in the House. Just like every other impeachment trial, just like any trial. The question is whether their Senators will listen. #RealTimeThis week marked an important chapter for the U.S. Congress, our Constitution, and America as a whole. Here are some moments that stood out. #DefendOurDemocracyThe House of Representatives has filed its brief in the impeachment trial of President Donald J. Trump. Nobody is the above the law. #DefendOurDemocracyThe President has been impeached and nothing either he or Leader McConnell can do will change that. #RealTimeThe House could not ignore the Presidents abuses of power and neither should the Senate. #RealTimeThe House has done its Constitutional duty. When the Senate is done with theirs, they should finally take action on the bills we have sent them #ForThePeople:  Lower Drug Costs Now Act Bipartisan Background Checks Act Raise the Wage Act...Wonderful to hear that Alyssa Nakken has become the first woman coach in MLB herstory! Proud of both her and our @SFGiants, and cant wait to see what the future holds.Read my full statement here:Today, the Senate passed a #USMCA that has been transformed by Democrats leadership. Now, Grim Reaper Leader McConnell must allow votes on House-passed bills to raise the minimum wage, lower prescription drug prices and more. #ForThePeopleTune in as the Impeachment Managers cross the U.S. Capitol for the exhibition of the House-passed articles of impeachment.This morning, the Government Accountability Office confirmed that the Presidents actions at the center of our impeachment articles, withholding Congressionally-approved military aid from Ukraine, were illegal. #DefendOurDemocracyI am speaking with reporters live from the U.S. Capitol.Tune in here to watch my weekly press conference at 10:45 am ET:President Trump must stop delaying and immediately sign Governor Vzquezs request for a Major Disaster Declaration for earthquake recovery.Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico have waited too long for the Trump Admin to release billions of dollars in urgently needed disaster assistance. By illegally withholding these funds, the Admin has harmed countless survivors and prevented Puerto Rico from rebuilding..@RepSylviaGarcia is a Member of the House Judiciary Committee and the former Director and Presiding Judge of the Houston Municipal System. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepJasonCrow is a Member of the House Armed Services Committee, a former U.S. Army Ranger and former litigator. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepValDemings is a Member of both the Intelligence and Judiciary committees and a 27-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department..@RepJeffries, the Chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, is a Member of the Judiciary Committee and a former litigator. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepZoeLofgren is Chairwoman of the Committee on House Administration. Chairwoman Lofgren previously served as a staffer for a Judicary Committee Member in the Nixon impeachment & as a Member of the Judiciary Committee herself during the Clinton impeachment. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepJerryNadler is Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and previously served 13 years as the top Democrat on the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepAdamSchiff, our Lead Manager, is Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence. As a federal prosecutor, Chairman Schiff prosecuted the first federal FBI agent ever to be indicted for espionage. #DefendOurDemocracyEarlier today, the House passed a resolution naming our Impeachment Managers in the upcoming Senate trial. Here is a quick look at their backgrounds. #DefendOurDemocracyThis evening, the Houses Managers delivered articles of impeachment against President Trump to the U.S. Senate ahead of its upcoming trial. #DefendOurDemocracyTune in as House impeachment managers deliver the articles of impeachment against President Trump to the U.S. Senate. #DefendOurDemocracyWith my signature, the two articles of impeachment against President Trump will make their way to the Senate. #DefendOurDemocracyThe President has been impeached, and that is forever.  He was frivolous with the Constitution, the Senate should not be. #DefendOurDemocracyCongratulations to Speaker @EFillerCorn and the people of Virginia on passing the Equal Rights Amendment today. This historic vote takes America closer to our Founding ideal: that all are created equal.Join us now as we honor former NFL player @SteveGleason with a Congressional Gold Medal for his tireless work advocating for critical legislation to ensure the availability & affordability of life-sustaining communication devices for those living with ALS.Tune in at 3:00 pm ET today, as Congress honors ALS advocate and former NFL player, @SteveGleason, with a Congressional Gold Medal in a ceremony at the U.S. Capitol.The Managers of the impeachment trial of the President are public servants committed to protecting our Constitution and have the litigation and courtroom experience necessary to execute this task. They will #DefendOurDemocracy.The Constitution and our oaths to protect it are at stake. Thats what the Senate must consider. #DefendOurDemocracyToday, I have the privilege of naming the Managers of the impeachment trial of the President. #DefendOurDemocracyWatch as the Houses impeachment managers are introduced. These Representatives are tasked with presenting the case for impeachment during the upcoming Senate trial. #DefendOurDemocracyWe are 30 minutes away from the announcement of the Houses impeachment managers at 10 am ET at the U.S. Capitol. #DefendOurDemocracy Tune in here to watch live:There can be no full & fair trial in the Senate if Leader McConnell blocks the Senate from hearing witnesses and obtaining documents President Trump is covering up. #DefendOurDemocracyThe President has fought tooth-and-nail to keep thousands of documents away from the public. And no wonder each time new pieces come out, they show President Trump right at the center of the effort to pressure Ukraine to investigate his political rivals.American elections should be decided by the American people, not by the Russian Government. Retweet if you agree!Read my full statement on new reports of Russian government hacking here:Reports of ongoing Russian interference in US elections to benefit the President & undermine our democracy highlight the need for action. Our intel & law enforcement officials have been clear about the threat. Why doesnt the President have a plan to protect our elections?Ten years after the Supreme Court delivered its disastrous Citizens United decision, Democrats are coming together to call on Leader McConnell to end his blockade of the #ForThePeople Act, and other House-passed reforms.The House upheld its duty to #DefendOurDemocracy by passing two articles of impeachment against the President. Tomorrow, we will transmit those articles & name impeachment managers. The Senate must choose between the Constitution & a cover-up.This is why President Trump was impeached for obstruction of Congress, and why a Senate trial with no witnesses or documents is a cover-up. #EndTheCoverUp #DefendOurDemocracyMr. President, actions speak louder than words. And for the last three years, you have taken every opportunity to dismantle protections for the 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. #ProtectOurCareCongratulations to @iingwen and the Taiwanese people on this momentous election, reaffirming their commitment to a free, open and democratic society.In the Clinton impeachment process, 66 witnesses were allowed to testify including 3 in the Senate trial, and 90,000 pages of documents were turned over. Trump was too afraid to let any of his top aides testify & covered up every single document. The Senate must #EndTheCoverUpIf President Trumps anti-health care lawsuit is successful, life-saving protections will be torn away from millions of families across America. #ProtectOurCare130 million Americans live every day with pre-existing conditions. They depend on knowing their health care, secured by protections in the ACA, is there when they need it. #ProtectOurCareAfter this weekend's 6.0 earthquake, we continue to pray for our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. Trump Admin must quickly approve Governor's request for a Major Disaster Declaration and stop withholding Congressionally appropriated funds to recover from 2017 hurricanes.At the end of 2019, I led a bipartisan Congressional delegation to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge. The message from our veterans was clear: pray for peace. @ThisWeekABCThe President has been impeached and no amount of gamesmanship from Leader McConnell will erase that fact. #DefendOurDemocracy @ThisWeekABCHistory and the American public are clear: the Senate should hear from witnesses who have direct knowledge of the Presidents abuses of power. #DefendOurDemocracy @ThisWeekABCSo-called forever chemicals are threatening the health and well-being of thousands of American communities. Thank you, @RepDebDingell, for helping lead the fight to clean up contaminated sites nationwide.By joining a resolution to dismiss, Sen. McConnell showed his true colors. Americans have now seen what is at stake in a fair trial with witnesses & evidence, and new evidence has emerged. Every Senator will have to vote: is their loyalty is to the President or the Constitution?Read my full statement on the Trump Administrations announcement that it will revise implementation guidelines for the National Environment Policy Act here:American communities are already feeling the effects of the #ClimateCrisis. By revising guidelines for the National Environment Policy Act, the Admin is once again ignoring science and putting the needs of special interests & donors ahead of the well-being of American families.If Republican Senators move for a quick dismissal of the charges against the President, with no witnesses or documents, it will be because they are afraid of the truth.  Dismissal = cover-up #DefendOurDemocracyWe must protect Americans right to worship & gather free from fear or violence. Tune in as I sign H.R. 2476, the Securing American Nonprofit Organizations Against Terrorism Act.Instead of defending the law of the land, the Trump Justice Department is *fighting to tear down* the Affordable Care Act to erase pre-existing condition protections, end the ban on lifetime limits of coverage, and destroy all its other protections. #ProtectOurCareTune in as I speak with reporters as the House prepares to vote on a War Power Resolution limiting President Trumps military actions regarding Iran.My weekly press conference will be at 10:45 am ET. Tune in here to watch:The House is moving forward with @RepSlotkin's War Powers Resolution limiting the Presidents military actions regarding Iran. The Admin must work with the Congress to advance an immediate, effective de-escalatory strategy which prevents further violence.Congratulations, @LondonBreed, on your swearing-in today. I look forward to working with you to continue San Franciscos proud tradition of standing as a guiding light for progress across America.Every year, I am brought back to this moment. @GabbyGiffords, you have been a model of strength and persistence for the last nine years. Even as our hearts ache for those impacted by gun violence, every day of your fight to end gun violence gives us hope for the future.Make no mistake: This commonsense, bipartisan legislation will save lives if only Leader McConnell would bring it up for a vote in the Senate. Enough is enough. Its time for the @SenateGOP to do the right thing and work with us to #EndGunViolence.Communities all across America have experienced the tragic reality of gun violence yet for too long, their pain was met with silence from Congress. That ended 365 days ago, as @HouseDemocrats introduced H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act.It is a pleasure to welcome Prime Minister @kmitsotakis of Greece to the U.S. Capitol to discuss the strong partnership between our two countries.Closely monitoring the situation following bombings targeting U.S. troops in Iraq. We must ensure the safety of our servicemembers, including ending needless provocations from the Administration and demanding that Iran cease its violence. America & world cannot afford war.As a Californian, I have seen firsthand the devastating impact caused by earthquakes. The Trump Admin must quickly respond to the recent earthquakes in Puerto Rico with the urgency & compassion our fellow Americans there deserve.The President & Sen. McConnell have run out of excuses. They must allow key witnesses to testify, and produce the documents Trump has blocked, so Americans can see the facts for themselves. The Senate cannot be complicit in the President's cover-up. #DefendOurDemocracyThe thoughts of all Americans are with the families of the US servicemember & contractors killed & with wounded Defense Dept. personnel in Manda Bay, Kenya. Together with our allies, we must strengthen our commitment to defeating al-Shabaab & the forces of terror in the world.President Trumps classified War Powers Act notification raises more questions than it answers about the timing, manner and justification of the decision to engage in hostilities against Iran.Every day that Republicans anti-health care lawsuit is allowed to endure is a day that American families will be forced to live in uncertainty & fear. Unless the USSC acts, families will continue to face needless disruption in their coverage & premiums.Today, @SenateMajLdr McConnell made clear that he will feebly comply with President Trumps cover-up of his abuses of power and be an accomplice to that cover-up. The American people deserve the truth. #DefendOurDemocracyThe Trump Admin has conducted strikes in Iraq targeting high-level Iranian military officials and killing Iranian Quds Force Commander Qasem Soleimani without an AUMF against Iran. Further, this action was taken without the consultation of the Congress.American leaders highest priority is to protect American lives and interests. But we cannot put the lives of American servicemembers, diplomats and others further at risk by engaging in provocative and disproportionate actions.Enough is enough. @HouseDemocrats passed the bipartisan #LowerDrugCosts Now Act last year to stop Big Pharma from charging Americans more for our medicines than what they charge for the same drugs overseas. The GOP Senate should join us & pass #HR3 now!Trump engaged in unprecedented, total obstruction of Congress, hiding these emails, all other documents, and his top aides from the American people. His excuse was a phony complaint about the House process. Whats the excuse now? Why wont Trump & McConnell allow a fair trial?157 years ago, President Lincolns Emancipation Proclamation took effect, starting the process of freeing slaves across America which would end 36 months later, with the abolition of slavery in Texas.For six years, Americans of every age have been protected against health insurance discrimination if they have pre-existing conditions. Now, Trump and Republicans are trying to tear away those protections. #ProtectOurCareWishing you all a #HappyNewYear full of peace, love and joy! #2020NewYearWatching the situation in Baghdad closely. Our patriotic diplomats, servicemembers and the U.S. Embassy deserve protection from the Iraqi host government and smart, strong national security strategy from U.S. leaders. Escalation and violence must end..@RepJohnLewis, we are all praying for you following this diagnosis. John, know that generations of Americans have you in their thoughts & prayers as you face this fight. We are all praying that you are comfortable. We know that you will be well.Heartbroken and deeply disturbed by the stabbing in Monsey and the many recent anti-Semitic attacks in the NY metro area, especially during this holiday season. We must condemn and confront anti-Semitism and all forms of bigotry and hate wherever & whenever we see them.Senate Republicans want you to think the House isnt doing anything. Apparently theyve missed the stack of House-passed legislation piling up on Leader McConnells desk. #ForThePeopleThanks to the hard work of our Members, including @RepJimmyGomez, @HouseDemocrats have transformed #USMCA into a much stronger trade agreement for American families, patients & workers.The facts are clear and every witness told the same story, despite the Presidents attempts to cover it up. President Trump abused his power for his own personal gain. #DefendOurDemocracyPrior to our Congress #ForThePeople, it had been years since the House considered legislation to #EndGunViolence. That ended this year, with the passage of #HR8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act.From our family to yours, #MerryChristmas! May this time bring you happiness and appreciation for all of Gods blessings..@HouseDemocrats have been hard at work #ForThePeople in 2019:  -Protecting people w/ pre-existing conditions -Reversing GOP health care sabotage -Taking bold action to #LowerDrugCostsThe House cannot choose our impeachment managers until we know what sort of trial the Senate will conduct. President Trump blocked his own witnesses and documents from the House, and from the American people, on phony complaints about the House process. What is his excuse now?Wishing a #HappyHanukkah to everyone marking the start of the Festival of Lights this evening. May this time of family & celebration bring happiness to you all.Yet even as we mark this important anniversary, the Trump Admin continues to bar brave, patriotic Americans from serving their country, simply because of who they are. We will never stop fighting to #ProtectTransTroops.They told us throwing out Dont Ask, Dont Tell would damage our military. They told us Dont Ask, Dont Tell was essential protecting America. They were wrong. Nine years after DADT was finally repealed, our military is stronger for it.400+ bills passed by the House.  More than 275 with bipartisan support.  One year of action in the Peoples House.  #ForThePeopleThis was a historic week in the House of Representatives. Here are a few moments that stand out:Abusive robocalls are threatening Americans economic security by tricking people into disclosing personal information and handing over their hard-earned dollars. Yesterday, I signed legislation to protect Americans from these scams. #StopBadRobocallsAs Speaker, I am proud to sign these bipartisan appropriations bills, which will keep our government open & working #ForThePeople. Importantly, they include key Democratic victories, which were secured by Chairwoman @NitaLowey and our team of appropriators.With my signature, the National Defense Authorization Act, which ends the unjust widows tax & secures 12 weeks of paid parental leave for federal workers, heads to the Presidents desk for his signature. Thank you, @RepAdamSmith, for your patriotic, persistent leadership.BREAKING NEWS: the House just passed a #USMCA that has been transformed by House Democrats' changes for hard-working Americans by a bipartisan vote of 385-41.Whether it is John McCain or John Dingell, clearly the President is uncomfortable with true statesmen. Lets be clear: cruelty is not wit, and tearing these men down does nothing to lift him up.When our Founders wrote the Constitution, they suspected we might one day have a rogue president. I doubt they thought we would have a rogue president and a rogue leader of the Senate at the same time. #DefendOurDemocracyThe House has accomplished so much #ForThePeople, including passing major legislation to promote equal pay, end gun violence, lower prescription drug costs and protect our system of elections.Democrats have been working since Day One to deliver #ForThePeople. Tune in at 1 pm ET as @HouseDemocrats come together to discuss all we have accomplished this year.Last night, the House of Representatives took a historic vote to #DefendOurDemocracy from the Presidents abuses of his power. Listen in as I discuss this and all of our work #ForThePeople with reporters.Tune in at 10:45 am ET for my weekly press conference at the U.S. Capitol.No one is above the law, Mr. President. #DefendOurDemocracyHouse Committee Chairmen are joining me to speak live from the U.S. Capitol following todays historic vote to #DefendOurDemocracy.On Day 1, @HouseDemocrats' majority threw the full legal weight of the House of Representatives against the Trump Administrations anti-health care lawsuit. In the courts & in the Congress, we will never stop fighting to #ProtectOurCare.Tonights court ruling in favor of Republicans all-out assault on health care is a chilling threat to the 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions & every family that depends on the ACAs lifesaving protections.Tune in as the House continues to debate impeachment ahead of tonights vote to #DefendOurDemocracy from the Presidents abuses of his power.It is tragic that the President's reckless actions make impeachment necessary. He gave us no choice. It is a matter of fact that the President is an ongoing threat to our national security and the integrity of our elections, the basis of our democracy. #DefendOurDemocracyToday, the House will #DefendOurDemocracy against the Presidents abuses of his power. Tune in as Members of Congress debate impeachment.All of the witnesses from Trumps own Administration told the same story. The President put himself above the law, abused the power of his office for personal gain, and is trying to corrupt our elections.  We have a duty to the Constitution. #DefendOurDemocracyBefore his work as an activist brought him to the SF Board of Supervisors, Harvey Milk was a Navy LTJG forced to resign because of his sexuality. Deeply meaningful to see construction finally begin on the @USNavy ship bearing his name. cc: @SecNav75Minority Serving Institutions and HBCUs are engines of opportunity for millions of students.Tune in at 2 pm ET as I sign the #FUTUREAct, bipartisan legislation that ensures permanent funding for these under-resourced institutions.Join me at 2 pm ET as I sign the #FUTUREAct, bipartisan legislation that ensures permanent funding for 8+ million students at Minority Serving Institutions and HBCUs.More than 275 bipartisan bills are collecting dust on Leader McConnells desk. He may want to bury his head in the sand, but the House is committed to working #ForThePeople.Theres just over 12 hours left before the end of Health Care Open Enrollment for 2020. Make sure you and your loved ones #GetCovered here:On our final day commemorating #BattleoftheBulge heroes, we stood in solidarity w/ European allies at Mardasson Memorial & honored those who paid the ultimate sacrifice at Luxembourg American Cemetery. This remembrance will be forever etched in our hearts & we will never forget.Havent had a chance to #GetCovered for 2020?  Health Care Open Enrollment has been extended through 3 am ET on Wednesday dont miss out.This evening, we honored WWII veterans w/ a visit to the Bastogne Barracks. We also had the privilege to stand shoulder to shoulder w/ 101st Airborne Division soldiers at the Bois Jacques foxholes where we honored 101st Airborne veterans of the #BattleoftheBulge.Our bipartisan delegation engaged in extensive discussions w/ PM @Xavier_Bettel, Speaker Fernand Etgen & other senior Luxembourg parliamentarians focused on security, economy & governance.During our visit to Luxembourg for the 75th anniversary of the #battleofthebulge, I was honored to meet with HRH the Grand Duke Henri to discuss our nations history and our commitment to advancing shared values.Today, our bipartisan delegation was pleased to greet members of the US Embassy Luxembourg Marine detachment and to receive briefings from members of the US Embassy Luxembourg and Brussels Country Teams. #BattleoftheBulgeToday, our delegation had the esteemed privilege to honor our World War II heroes at the annual #BattleoftheBulge parade, followed by wreath laying ceremonies, marking 75 years since American forces bravely defended freedom & democracy.Today, our bipartisan delegation arrived in Belgium for the 75th anniversary of the #BattleoftheBulge. In Bastogne, we joined our U.S. soldiers and allied leaders to celebrate this historic victory. We were proud to honor our brave veterans who served in World War II.It has been seven years since the tragic shooting at #SandyHook Elementary School. Today, we continue to grieve, and we remain inspired by the courageous action of so many to stop the epidemic of gun violence that is shattering American communities.As we mark the 75th anniversary of the #BattleoftheBulge, it is a great privilege to lead a distinguished bipartisan delegation to Belgium and Luxembourg to honor one of the greatest acts of American heroism in our nations history.Lower drug prices & bigger paychecks are two things Americans urgently need, and the transformational #LowerDrugCosts Now Act passed by the House delivers both.As the Courts have made clear, there are no special privileges for information unrelated to the Presidents official duties, but squarely related to Congresss need for legislation and oversight. #DefendOurDemocracy.@RepKimSchrier is using her unique insight as a pediatrician and a patient in the fight to #LowerDrugCosts for American families. With her leadership, the House passed transformational legislation this week to bring down drug prices.Former Republican House Members know the oaths they took. Why dont todays Republicans? #DefendOurDemocracyThe #ParisAgreement stands as a sign of the worlds commitment to fighting the climate crisis. While the Trump Admin recklessly abandoned this agreement, this month saw @HouseDemocrats bring our message to the world at COP25: #WeAreStillIn.The House just passed transformational legislation to #LowerDrugCosts for Caroline and countless others.  Now, its time for the Senate to show they are serious about reducing drug prices by holding a vote on this commonsense legislation.By passing the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act, we arent only addressing the health needs of Americas families we are taking action to protect their financial health as well.Today, the House will pass historic legislation to lighten the load on American families by taking action to restore sanity to our system of prescription drug pricing. #LowerDrugCostsTune in as @HouseDemocrats gather on the House steps ahead of todays historic vote to pass the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act and fight back against rising prescription prices that are forcing Americans to go without desperately needed treatments.Caroline has spent her career caring for her patients. That didnt stop with her own cancer diagnosis. Stories like hers are at the heart of todays House vote to pass the #LowerDrugCosts Now Act.Today is a historic victory for farmworkers and growers, ensuring America continues to feed the world. Thank you, @RepZoeLofgren & @RepNewhouse, for leading the fight to pass the Farm Workforce Modernization Act. Si se puede! #FutureFarmWorkforceHats off to @HouseDemWomen and the @HouseDPCC for marching over to the Senate today to demand Leader McConnell finally act on the more than 275 pieces of House-passed, bipartisan legislation collecting dust on his desk. Americans elected us to lead not sit on our hands.When we end Big Pharmas out-of-control drug prices with H.R. 3, well save more than half a trillion dollars.  And that lets us make transformational investments in the health of every American. #LowerDrugCostsAmericans are sick & tired of paying as much as ten times more for their prescription drugs as people in other countries. This week, the House votes to set the record straight by passing H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act.