This is what happens when you have an administration thats committed to progress. Im grateful for their work and all the people who have been involved in continuing to make the Affordable Care Act everything it can be.Last week, the Biden-Harris administration announced they'd fix a glitch in the regulations that will lower premiums for nearly 1 million people who need it and allow 200,000 more uninsured Americans to get access to health coverage.Gerda Weissmann Klein was an author, a historian, and an inspiration to so many around the world. As a Holocaust survivor, she shared her story to remind us of the power of hope and the extent of our strength. Michelle and I send our love to her family.The students I met yesterday at Hyde Park Academy in Chicago make me hopeful for the future. Theyre passionate about making a difference, and I enjoyed hearing their stories and sharing a little advice with them.Congratulations to Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson for her appointment to the Supreme Court. This is a great day for America, and a proud moment in our history.No trip to Chicago is complete without a @ChicagoBulls game and this time I brought along some of the young people who are part of our @MBK_Alliance and @GirlsAlliance.It's going to take all of us to protect our democracy, especially young people. There is no silver bullet, but if we focus on ideas and solutions that will strengthen our democracy, rather than weaken it, we can live up to our ideals and show the world what is possible.It was great catching up with our latest class of @UChicago Obama Foundation Scholars. Theyve been working hard to improve their communities, and Im looking forward to following their journeys.Always great catching up with @POTUS. Thanks for all youre doing to help even more Americans get access to quality, affordable health care.Its good to be back at the White House! Tune in as I join the @POTUS and @VP to celebrate the Affordable Care Act and talk about how they're taking action to make it better.Progress often feels slow, and victories are sometimes incomplete. But the ACA shows that if you believe that we can improve peoples lives, and if youre willing to work through obstacles and continually improve, you can make America better.But the ACA was never perfect, and we always knew we would have to make it better. Thats what @POTUS has done since taking office. Today, hes going even further lowering premiums for nearly 1 million people and helping 200,000 more uninsured Americans get access to coverage.The ACA also lowered prescription drug costs for 12 million seniors, and allowed young people to stay on their parents plan. And its eliminated lifetime limits on benefits that often put people in a jam.Because so many people made sacrifices and some members of Congress took courageous votes, we got the ACA across the finish line. Now, more than 30 million Americans have health coverage, and 135 million Americans with pre-existing conditions cant be dropped or denied coverage.Passing the ACA was incredibly difficult. People who had coverage were worried about losing it, the media was skeptical, misinformation was flying around, and Republicans showed no interest in working with us. But Joe, Harry Reid, Nancy Pelosi and I were determined.The Affordable Care Act is an example of why you run for office not just to occupy a seat, but to make a difference in peoples lives. Today Im joining @POTUS and @VP at the White House to celebrate everything the ACA has achieved, and help make it even better.Congratulations to the @KUHoops team on winning the national championship. This team was fun to watch, and they earned their first title since 2008 (which was a pretty good year).Congratulations to the @GamecockWBB team and coach @DawnStaley for winning the national championship. Coach Staley has built a powerhouse, and its great to see all their hard work pay off.I heard Betty Reid Soskin is retiring at 100, and want to congratulate her for more than a decade of service as a National Park Ranger. Betty, I hope you realize just how many people appreciate everything youve donemyself included.I'm proud of Titus, Ashton, Thaddeus, Jalen, McKinley and Peter for representing @MBK_Alliance at @MarchMadnessMBB. These talented young men from Chicago are job shadowing folks putting the weekend together to learn about the magic behind the madness.Today @POTUS announced that the U.S. will be welcoming 100,000 refugees fleeing the war in Ukraine. This is the right thing to do. If you're looking for ways to help, join @WelcomeUS and support the refugees who will be arriving here soon:As the first woman to serve as Americas top diplomat, Madeleine Albright was a champion for democratic values. Michelle and I send our thoughts to the Albright family and everyone who knew and served with a truly remarkable woman.The other day, I called up DonnaMarie, Steve, and Amy to hear how the Affordable Care Act changed their lives and thank them for the work theyre doing with @ProtectOurCare to protect it. I hope you'll watch and share your own story:.@POTUSs American Rescue Plan helped strengthen the Affordable Care Act by lowering costs and encouraging a record 14.5 million people to sign up for coverage in 2022.  We'll keep working to improve the ACA until every American has access to quality, affordable health coverage.During the pandemic, the Affordable Care Act helped make vaccines and COVID-19 tests available for free, covered emergency hospitalizations, and prevented insurance companies from denying anyone coverage based on a pre-existing condition.12 years ago today, I signed the Affordable Care Act into law. Ive always believed that health care shouldnt be a privilege for just a fortunate few, but a right for every American.  Today, more than 30 million Americans have health coverage thanks to the Affordable Care Act.Its been a great year for college basketball, and now #MarchMadness is officially back. Im excited for some of the young men in our @MBK_Alliance to join the action in New Orleans. Here's a look at my picks:And third, a reminder that in the face of brutal repression, there are ordinary Russians that are showing tremendous courage in standing up to a senseless, destructive war.Second, a useful primer on why no-fly zones dont offer a simple answer to stopping the bloodshed.As we bear witness to the tragedy unfolding in Ukraine, here are three articles worth reading. First, a description of the scale of the Ukrainian refugee crisis, underscoring the need for all of us to support relief efforts.I just tested positive for COVID. Ive had a scratchy throat for a couple days, but am feeling fine otherwise. Michelle and I are grateful to be vaccinated and boosted, and she has tested negative.  Its a reminder to get vaccinated if you havent already, even as cases go down.The @ObamaFoundation has compiled more stories of people who are going above and beyond to help those in need. I hope youll read some of them and find ways to get involved:.@Airbnb is offering free, short-term housing for 100,000 refugees fleeing Ukraine..@ChefJoseAndres nonprofit organization, @WCKitchen, has set up mobile kitchens along the Ukrainian border and near transit hubs to provide meals for refugees.Drawing on her own story as a refugee, 2018 Obama Fellow @ZarlashtH started the Refugee Trauma Initiative to care for displaced refugees in Greece. Now, @RefugeeTraumaUK is providing lifesaving support to Ukrainians who need help.Over the last few weeks, weve seen people, organizations, and companies around the world stepping up to support the people of Ukraine. Here are some examples Ive been tracking:The Ukrainian people need our help. If youre looking for a way to make a difference, here are some organizations doing important work.Richard Hunt is one of the greatest artists Chicago has ever produced, and I couldnt be prouder that his Book Bird sculpture will live outside of the newest @ChiPubLib branch at the Obama Presidential Center. I hope it inspires visitors for years to come.Its hard to believe it's been 10 years since Trayvon Martin was killed. Leading up to this anniversary, I reflected on what his death meant to me as president, as a Black parent, and as a Black manas well as what it meant for our country.Like Justice Breyer, Judge Jackson understands that the law isnt just about abstract theory. Its about peoples lives. @POTUS Biden has made an excellent choice, and I look forward to seeing Judge Jackson confirmed.As a protg of Justice Breyer, Judge Jackson earned a reputation for pragmatism and consensus building. Its part of why I nominated her twice first as a district judge, and then to the U.S. Sentencing Commission, where she earned praise from both Democrats and Republicans.I want to congratulate Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson on her nomination to the Supreme Court. Judge Jackson has already inspired young Black women like my daughters to set their sights higher, and her confirmation will help them believe they can be anything they want to be.Last night, Russia launched a brazen attack on the people of Ukraine, in violation of international law and basic principles of human decency. Heres my statement on what it means, and what should happen next.Michelle and I were sad to hear about the passing of Paul Farmer. His life wasan example of how one man with vision and heart can change the world for the better.I want to thank everyone who has joined @AllOnTheLine in its mission to end gerrymandering. Every phone call, every testimony, every action has made a difference in the redistricting process. And while our fight for #FairMaps isnt over, weve made real progress.And in Ohio, @AllOnTheLine held 139 training sessionsequipping thousands of Ohioans from every corner of the state with the information and tools they need to fight for fair maps. And when the pandemic hit, All On The Line took its training online.In North Carolina, Karla Icaza De Austin, an Army veteran from Fayetteville, urged her state legislators to demand transparency, accountability, and fairness in the redistricting processand reminded them of their duty to follow the will of the people.Since then, folks across the country have participated in the redistricting processmany for the first time. Its a testament to the work @AllOnTheLine has done to help folks understand why fair maps matter, and make an impact in their communities.Three years ago, I helped @EricHolder launch @AllOnTheLine, a people-powered campaign to fight gerrymandering and advocate for fair redistricting. All On The Line is driven by the core belief that voters should choose their representativesnot the other way around.John Lewis knew that change could not wait for some other person or some other time. His life was a lesson in the fierce urgency of now. On his birthday, lets honor his legacy by taking action and creating the change we hope to see in our own communities.Its exactly the kind of ambition we need if were going to protect our planet and avoid the worst effects of climate change.Now the Biden-Harris Administrations Build Back Better Agenda includes an even larger investment that would create new jobs, help cut emissions in half by 2030, invest in coastal and soil conservation, and a lot more..@JoeBiden played a major role in getting that passedand over our eight years in office, carbon emissions decreased by nine percent, while the U.S. economy grew by more than 10 percent.When I signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in 2009, it included $90 billion for clean energy projects. At the time, it was the biggest investment in renewable energy in American history.Azita Raji was a great friend and cherished member of my campaign team and administration who served our country with distinction. She represented the very best of America, and we are better off because of her leadership. She will be deeply missed.Happy Valentine's Day, Michelle! With a smile that lights up the world, you're truly one-of-a-kind. Today and always, I am thankful to have you in my life.Yes we can. Yes we did. Thanks to all of you who believed, volunteered, votedand then carried the baton forward in your communities. Keep at it.If you worked as an organizer on the campaign or volunteered in your community, Id love to hear your stories from that day using #Obama08.What gave me the confidence to move forward in spite of the odds were the people I met, including those on our campaign. They didnt do it for me. They did it because they believed in what this country could be, and that we could change it for the better.Its hard to believe that 15 years have passed since I stood in front of the Old Capitol in Springfield, Illinois, and announced my candidacy for President. At the time, our campaign was viewed as a longshothistoric perhaps, but unlikely to end in the White House.Antonio Dickey is a photojournalist who has spent the last 44 years capturing life in Chicago. Take a look at his conversation with the @ObamaFoundation to learn more about his career, the stories behind his photos, and his hopes for the future of Chicago.As we celebrate Black History Month, its important to remember that we shouldnt treat this month as though it is somehow separate from our collective American history. Black history is American history.For anyone who cares about voting rights, @EricHolders new book is essential reading. It tells the story of our long, sometimes frustrating, but ultimately hopeful journey towards a more perfect unionand offers great advice for the road ahead.Jackie Robinson changed baseball, and paved the way for so many others who would follow. As we celebrate his birthday and the start of Black History Month, we honor Jackies courage and recognize his incredible legacy.Today, we still have more work to do to create a more equitable workforce, but Lilly remains an inspiration to me and so many others.On this day thirteen years ago, I signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. It was the first law I signed as President, and was a first step to closing the wage gap for women.This record-setting enrollment period was a result of the hard work of @POTUS and Democrats in Congress. By passing the American Rescue Plan, they made health care more affordable for millions, building on a legacy I am deeply proud of.This weeks redistricting victory in Alabama is a win for our democracy. Im grateful to @DemRedistrict and everyone who has been fighting so hard to make sure people everywhere have an equal opportunity to choose their representatives.On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we honor the victims and survivors of one of the darkest periods in our history. But its not enough to remember we also need to have the courage to speak out against acts of bigotry and hatred whenever we see them.The Biden Administration has set up a way for folks to get four at-home COVID tests for free. Go to to order, or call their hotline at 1-800-232-0233. And if you need to get vaccinated or boosted, visit today.The road ahead will not be easy, especially when one of our two major parties is standing in the way. But I still believe we can create a brighter future together, and I look forward to watching the Biden Administration build on this progress.This Administration has also recommitted to the fight against climate change, and signed a crucial infrastructure law to improve roads and buildings across our country. And they're only getting started.Under his leadership, our economy set the record for the most jobs added in a single year. Over 200 million people are now vaccinated against COVID-19. The American Rescue Plan provided relief to families. More people can now afford healthcare.For eight years, I witnessed firsthand the empathy and precision @POTUS brought to our work repairing the American economy. And one year into his presidency, President Biden's administration has led a historic recovery effort.In his inaugural address one year ago today, @POTUS committed to press forward with speed and urgency, for we have much to do in this winter of peril and possibility. In the year since, he and the @VP have made significant progress in the face of enormous challenges.When Michelle and I launched the @ObamaFoundation, we turned to you first. We read your letters and emails, and listened to your ideas. Five years later, weve come a long way with your help and were even more excited about whats next.Thanks to the life-saving work by scientists and our governments top medical experts, we have COVID-19 vaccines to protect us. This is what happens when we trust science, and hardworking doctors and researchers set out to do big things.Congratsto our newest cohort of @ObamaFoundation Europe Leaders! These bright, innovative young people are tackling the most pressing issues in their communities, and I can't wait to see what they can do together.Happy birthday, Michelle. My love, my partner, my best friend...With the King family marching today, we remember that the fight for voting rights takes perseverance. As Dr. King said, There are no broad highways to lead us easily and inevitably to quick solutions. We must keep going. May we honor his memory through action forged in faith.We've seen how the Affordable Care Act continues to help folksespecially in states that didn't expand Medicaidget the peace of mind they need. But we still have more work to do to expand access to quality, affordable health care.Tomorrow, January 15th is the last day to sign up for health care until the fall at Make sure to get covered today.The House just passed the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act. Now the Senate needs to do the same. It's the best way to protect the right to vote, end partisan gerrymandering, and restore crucial parts of the Voting Rights Act.Thats why I fully support @POTUSs call to modify Senate rules as necessary to make sure pending voting rights legislation gets called for a vote. And every American who cares about the survival of our most cherished institutions should support the Presidents call as well.The filibuster has no basis in the Constitution, and in recent years, it has become a routine way for the Senate minority to block important progress on issues supported by the majority of voters. But we cant allow it to be used to block efforts to protect our democracy.Now is the time for the U.S. Senate to do the right thing and call a vote on crucial voting rights legislation. Future generations are counting on us to protect our democracy. I wrote out some thoughts about why this is so important.I wanted to share some of those stories, and also hear about the work youve been doing to create change:Five years ago during my Farewell Address, I asked you to believe in your ability to bring about change. Since then, many of you have answered the call starting nonprofits, organizing around important issues, and running for office yourselves.It was a great honor to pay tribute to my friend, Harry Reid. Few people have done more for Nevada and our country over the years than this driven, brilliant, sometimes irascible, deeply good man from Searchlight.Through his groundbreaking roles and singular talent, Sidney Poitier epitomized dignity and grace, revealing the power of movies to bring us closer together. He also opened doors for a generation of actors. Michelle and I send our love to his family and legion of fans.One year ago, a violent attack on our Capitol made it clear just how fragile the American experiment in democracy really is. Heres my statement on what the anniversary means, and what we need to do today.Im hopeful about 2022. This year will undoubtedly have its challenges, just like 2021 did. But weve made it this farand I still believe we can build a brighter future together. Happy New Year!If you're feeling discouraged about our democracy, read this article about how citizens in Michigan took politics out of the redistricting process. Its why the work@EricHolder and the @DemRedistrict are doing to fight gerrymandering is so important.When Harry Reid was nearing the end, his wife Landra asked some of us to share letters that she could read to him. In lieu of a statement, heres what I wrote to my friend:Congrats to all the scientists and engineers involved with launching this once-in-a-generation telescope! Proud my administration supported it when the going got tough, and I can't wait to see what it uncovers about the fundamental origins of our universe.He never lost his impish sense of humor and willingness to find humanity in his adversaries, and Michelle and I will miss him dearly.Archbishop Desmond Tutu was a mentor, a friend, and a moral compass for me and so many others. A universal spirit, Archbishop Tutu was grounded in the struggle for liberation and justice in his own country, but also concerned with injustice everywhere.Merry Christmas, everybody! This year, I got a little help spreading holiday cheer from Sunny. Wishing you all a peaceful and joyful holiday season with the ones you love.I thought I knew Green Eggs and Ham better than most people, but at Kimball Elementarys vaccination site earlier this month I finally met my match.We've seen @MBK_Alliance communities across the country step up throughout the pandemic to expand opportunities for boys and young men of color. Here's a look at some of the important work theyve done this year:Proud of the South Side Wolfpack team for all their hard work and dedication this season!I'm inspired by the stories of progress that came from 2021especially the example set by a new generation of young leaders making a difference in their communities.  Take a look at the work that came out of the @ObamaFoundation over the past year.I've always enjoyed listening to a wide variety of music, so its no surprise that I listened to a little bit of everything this year. I hope you find a new artist or song to add to your own playlist.Next up are my favorite movies of the year. Each of these films tells a powerful story, and I hope you enjoy them as much as I did.Since these are works I have actually listened to, watched, or read, Im sure Ive missed some worthy stuff. So if you have your own recommendations to share, Ill add them to the stack of books and movies I hope to catch up on over the holidays!Over the next few days, I'll share my annual list of favorite books, music, and movies. Art always sustains and nourishes the soul. But for me, music and storytelling felt especially urgent during this pandemic year. I'll start by sharing some of my favorite books of 2021:You heard, @POTUS get covered todayThe best way to honor themthe only way that really mattersis to fight this epidemic of gun violence and prevent even more senseless death and suffering. We can, and must, do more.Nine years ago was one of the darkest days of my presidency. Today we remember the children and adults who were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary, and the families who have endured so much grief.Last week, powerful tornadoes devastated communities across the Midwest and South. Michelle and I are thinking of the families who have lost so much. If you'd like to help with the recovery, visit:Michelle and I loved being back in Chicago last week. It was a quick trip, but we packed a lot in and met some fantastic people along the way. Take a look.As Chancellor, Angela Merkel served with integrity, leading Germany and Europe through many storms. Drawing on her wise pragmatism and her unrelenting moral compass, she made hard decisions and became a role model for many. Thank you for your leadership.Eighty years ago today, over 2,400 Americans lost their lives in the attack on Pearl Harbor. Today we remember them, and all those who fought to protect our freedom.Senator Bob Dole was a war hero, a political leader, and a statesmanwith a career and demeanor harkening back to a day when members of the Greatest Generation abided by a certain code, putting country over party. Our thoughts are with Elizabeth and the Dole family.Michelle and I wanted to give Santa a hand passing out gifts for the holidays, so we made a stop at the @ComerChildrens Hospital. We hope you and your family have a wonderful holiday season.I heard the @ChicagoSky and @ChicagoBulls were visiting the South Side YMCA, so I decided to drop by, too. Its always fun to meet young people who are learning to love the game.Michelle and I are in Chicago this week to talk to folks who are working on some of the citys toughest challenges. Yesterday, I met with leaders from across Chicago, heard their stories, and shared ideas. Change is never easy, but we want them to know theyre not alone.Shots are never fun, but the kids I met at Kimball Elementary knew how important the COVID-19 vaccines are to keep our families and communities safe. Check out @ItsMadeToSave for more information about the vaccines, and make your appointment atIf you got your COVID-19 vaccine before June, now is the time to get a booster shot. All adults are eligible for the boosterjust go to to find a vaccine and booster location near you.Getting our kids fully vaccinated is the best way to protect them against COVID-19. Today, Dr. Fauci and I stopped by Kimball Elementary School to meet with families and kids getting their vaccinesand encourage more parents and kids to do the same.Im always inspired by young leaders like Rachid Ennassiri, who is helping more people in Morocco get involved in the fight against climate change. This Giving Tuesday, join the @ObamaFoundation in supporting the work of changemakers like Rachid:From our family to yours, Happy Hanukkah and Chag Sameach! Over the next eight days, may we celebrate the many blessings in our own lives, and be reminded of the enduring power of hope.Earlier this year, I had a chance to speak with Eric Williams, the owner of @TheSilverRoom in Hyde Park. This Small Business Saturday, take some time to support the hardworking small businesses in your city. They appreciate it more than you know.Happy Thanksgiving! Michelle and I send our warmest wishes to everyone celebrating today. We hope you have a wonderful and safe holiday with the people you love.Happy birthday to my friend and my brother, @POTUS! Thanks for giving all of us the gift of better infrastructure. Grateful for all youre doing to build this country back better.When it comes to climate change, we cant afford to go backwardor even stay where we are. If we are going to act on the scale thats required to combat this climate crisis, we all need to step up and meet this moment together.In 2011, my Administration made a pledge to prepare 100,000 new STEM teachers over the next 10 years. I couldn't be prouder to hear that @100Kin10 not only met that goal, but trained an additional 8,000 teachers who will make a difference for our kids.The epidemic of gun violence in America has gotten worse during the pandemic. This article points to the ways in which the proliferation of guns magnifies the consequences of bias in policing, and makes reform of police practices that much harder.The newest cohort of @ObamaFoundation Africa Leaders will help unlock the incredible promise of the continent. I'm looking forward to supporting their work and following their journeys.Young people like @JackHarries and our @ObamaFoundation leaders are using their platforms to pressure the world on climate change. As we move forward with the Glasgow pact, we must listen and follow through on our commitments to protect our planet and secure a better future.This Veterans Day, I want to share Tom Voutsos's story. He served in the U.S. Marine Corps, and has continued to live a life dedicated to public service. Through @LadderUpHousing, hes helping hardworking folks buy their own home.To every veteran and their family, we thank you for your service and sacrifice to our country..@SpeakerPelosi and these members of Congress are making it clear that the United States is back, and will continue to lead the way on climate change. We would not have met our Paris goals without them, and now theyre working to do even more.Young people have more at stake in the fight against climate change than anyone else. I had a chance to talk with some young people who are helping lead the fight, and could not be more impressed by their courage, creativity, and persistence. They give me hope.If you care about climate change, @JohnDoerr's new book, Speed & Scale: An Action Plan for Solving Our Climate Crisis Now, offers concrete steps that we can all take to make a difference.Thats why, if were going to act on the scale thats required, climate change cant be seen as another opportunity to score political points. We need everybody. And young people in particular have an opportunity to make a real difference.But once again, progress is partial. Most nations have failed to be as ambitious as they need to be, and the escalation of ambition that we anticipated in Paris six years ago has not been uniformly realized.The good news is that countries around the world recognize this is a decisive decade if we want to avoid a climate disaster, and are setting important goals for 2030. Theyve also promised to help countries move away from fossil fuels and deal with the effects of climate change.I spoke at COP26 in Glasgow about whats happened in the six years since the Paris Agreement, and how much further we still need to go to control climate change.Weve done some important work since the Paris Agreement was signed six year ago, but were still nowhere near where we need to be on climate. Watch live from#COP26in Glasgow as I talk about the steps we can take to combat climate change.Five years ago, the Paris Agreement went into effect. Paris provided an important framework in the fight against climate change, but it wasnt enough. Thats why Ill be speaking in Glasgow on Monday about the road ahead and what young people in particular can do to help.Visit to find your polling location. And if you have any questions, call the voter hotline at 833-336-8683.Today is Election Day, and so much of what we care about is on the ballotfrom access to health care to bringing our economy back from COVID-19 to combating climate change. We need everybody going out to vote. So make a plan to vote, and make your voice heard.Signing the Paris Agreement to fight climate change was one of my proudest moments in office. But it was always a foundation to build on. As world leaders gather for COP26, I shared some reflections on the road to Paris and the young activists who are pushing us further.In a country as large and diverse as ours, progress can often feel frustrating and slow, with small victories accompanied by frequent setbacks. But once in a while, its still possible to take a giant leap forward. Thats what the Build Back Better framework represents.Climate change isnt a distant environmental issueits already having an immediate impact on our lives, including huge national security implications as more communities come under stress.When you look at the history of big social movements, theyre usually started and sustained by young people who put in the work to make it happen. As we look to COP26, Im inspired by the young people using their voices in the fight against climate change.It was great to be back in New Jersey! There's too much at stake in this election to sit it out. Let's keep New Jersey moving forward by re-electing @PhilMurphyNJ and Democrats up and down the ballot. Make a plan to vote earlyand get everyone you know to do the same.Virginians delivered for me twice, and now Im asking them to do it again by electing @TerryMcAuliffe as their next governor. Every bit of progress in Virginia is at stake in this electionand there's no time to waste. Make a plan to vote early atSome of the most important changes often start in state legislatures. That's why I'm proud to support these candidates for the Virginia state legislature. I hope you'll join me and the @DLCC in giving them your vote.Glad I had a chance to talk with our new champs! I really am proud of this team and their work this season.At a time when voting rights are being rolled back, the Freedom to Vote Act would strengthen our democracy and give more Americans a voice. Thats why the Senate should do the right thing and protect what so many generations fought so hard to secure.It was great speaking with the @MBK_Alliance Advisory Council, and hearing more about the work theyre doing to make a difference in the lives of boys and young men of color across the country.General Colin Powell understood what was best in this country, and tried to bring his own life, career, and public statements in line with that ideal. Michelle and I will always look to him as an example of what Americaand Americanscan and should be.Congratsto our new WNBA champs, @ChicagoSky! I couldnt be prouder of this team they worked hard for this moment, and have made our city proud.Today, we lost an icon with the passing of Timuel Black. Over his 102 years, Tim was many things: a veteran, historian, author, educator, civil rights leader, and humanitarian. Michelle and I send our thoughts to his family, and everyone who loved him.I was deeply saddened to learn about the passing of General Ray Odierno after a battle with cancer. He devoted his life to serving this country, and for that I will always be grateful. Michelle and I send our thoughts to his wife Linda, and their children.Congratulations to Maria Ressa and Dmitry Muratov. This award is a tribute to their extraordinary courage and the enduring value of fact-based journalism and freedom of expression, which is under threat in far too many places today.And of course, Im excited for my @WhiteSox to be back in the playoffs. Its going to be hard to top a walk-off home run on the Field of Dreams, but if any team can do it, its this one. Go Sox!Its always good to be from Chicago, but this year is especially sweet. Congratulations to the @ChicagoSky for making it to the WNBA finals, and to the legend, @Candace_Parker, for making all of us proud. Well be rooting for you.If we dont stand up for democracy, well see this type of gerrymandering happen in even more states. Its why @DemRedistrict is fighting for #FairMaps. And its why the Senate must pass the Freedom to Vote Act to protect our communities from partisan gerrymandering.And in Georgia, Republicans released a congressional map that decreases the voting power of communities of color including African Americans in a historically Black district and ignores how the state has changed.In Texas, for example, Republicans recently passed a law making voting harder, especially for people of color. Now theyre advancing a new congressional map thats tilted in their favor and doesnt reflect the states growth.Right now, state legislatures across the country are setting new boundaries for state legislative and congressional districts. And in many states, Republicans are drawing maps that allow them to hold onto power.Our latest production from Higher Ground, Ada Twist, Scientist, is now on Netflix. Based on the book series, the show will continue the work we started at the White House Science Fair. We hope it inspires more young people to discover science and use their imagination to create.Happy anniversary, Miche! Over the past 29 years, I've loved watching the world get to know you not just as a daughter of the South Side, but as a mother, lawyer, executive, author, First Lady, and my best friend. I cant imagine life without you.Happy 97th birthday, President Carter! Thank you for the extraordinary example of lifelong service that you've set for all of us.Today, we officially broke ground on the Obama Presidential Center on the South Side of Chicago. Michelle and I cant imagine a better investment in the city we love, and generations of young leaders who will help create change.Michelle and I couldn't be more excited to officially break ground on the Obama Presidential Center on the South Side of Chicago. Tune in live:Michelle and I had fun surprising some of the hardworking women from the Chicago Women of Trades. Were grateful for the work they're doingnot only to build the Obama Presidential Center, but also to make it easier for more people to follow their example.It was great meeting our newest class of @ObamaFoundation Scholars at @UChicago. Young leaders like them are the source of my hope, and I believe they will power a brighter future for all of us.Chicago will always be an important place to @MichelleObama and me, which is why we're excited to celebrate the virtual groundbreaking for the Obama Presidential Center in Chicagonext week.Its been a long time coming, and we can't wait to see this project come to life.If we want to give our children and grandchildren a brighter future, the wealthiest Americans and large corporations must pay their fair share in taxes.The repeal of Dont Ask, Dont Tell allowed these two Marines to be true to themselves while serving in our military. Listen to their story:Ten years ago today, we repealed Dont Ask, Dont Tell. Today our military is stronger and our country is safer because patriotic Americans no longer have to live a lie in order to defend the country they love.Wishing my friend @JustinTrudeau the best in Canadas upcoming election. Justin has been an effective leader and strong voice for democratic values, and Im proud of the work we did together.The Freedom to Vote Act just introduced in the Senate would strengthen our democracy by making it easier for people to vote and harder for politicians and special interests to drown out the voices of ordinary Americans. I support it, and every Senator should do the same.Many of the refugees fleeing Afghanistan stood by America and risked everything for a chance at a better life. With the launch of we can support our new Afghan neighbors and reaffirm our common humanity. I hope you'll join us.Today we honor the nearly 3,000 men, women, and children who died on September 11, 2001, and the heroes who have always run towards danger to do whats right. Lets never forget that day, and lets never take them for granted.It was great speaking with @Surgeon_General Murthy and the COVID-19 Community Corps volunteers across the country who've been spending their time and energy encouraging their communities to get vaccinated. Their work is making a difference and will help us end this pandemic.California! Youve got a big choice to make by September 14, and everything is on the line. Your vote could be the difference between protecting our kids or putting them at risk; helping Californians recover or taking us backwards. Vote no on the Republican recall.Great memories of an important day. 31 million people now have health insuranceand the peace of mind that comes with itthanks to the Affordable Care Act. Now @POTUS is committed to making it even stronger through his Build Back Better plan.The pandemic has devastated communities everywhere. But the young leaders in our newest class of @ObamaFoundation Scholars studying at @UChicago and @Columbia give me hope for a better future. Congratulations, Scholars!Labor Day is about honoring folks like Maurice Harrisa devoted husband and father of five, who has spent his career working in the trades in Chicago. He'll soon help build our Obama Presidential Center. Heres his incredible story:This Labor Day, lets honor all the working men and women who make this country what it isand the American labor movement that has helped protect them, especially during this pandemic.Michelle and I are thinking of everyone affected by Hurricane Ida, and we're grateful to the first responders doing heroic work. Here are some ways to support those in need:May God bless the memory of those we lost, and protect those who remain in harms way.Our hearts go out to the families who lost a loved one, and to everyone continuing the mission in Kabul. Were also thinking of the families of the Afghans who died, many of whom stood by America and were willing to risk everything for a chance at a better life.As president, nothing was more painful than grieving with the loved ones of Americans who gave their lives serving our country. As President Biden said, these service members are heroes who have been engaged in a dangerous, selfless mission to save the lives of others.Like so many of you, Michelle and I were heartbroken to hear about the terrorist attack outside the Kabul airport that killed and wounded so many U.S. service members, as well as Afghan men, women, and children.Yesterday, the House passed the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act that will help Americans everywhere make their voices heard. Now the Senate needs to follow the Houses lead. Call your Senators and ask them to do the right thing. Our democracy is on the line.The Olympics may be over, but the @Paralympics are just getting started. Many of the athletes on @TeamUSA have traveled amazing journeys to reach the top of their sport, and Ill be cheering them on. Hope you will, too.Right now, thousands of people in Haiti are injured and even more are homeless after an earthquake hit the island on Saturday. If youre looking for ways to make a difference, here are some organizations that are helping Haitians recover and rebuild.Tomorrow is the last day to sign up for health insurance during this special enrollment period. Go to and join more than two million Americans who have gotten covered over the last six months.Were at a turning point in the redistricting process, and maps drawn in the next 12 months will determine the next decade of representation in our country. @AllOnTheLine is empowering folks to demand accountability during redistrictingjoin them:Congress needs to summon the same courage we saw a half century ago when the Voting Rights Act was passed and guarantee every American a voice and a vote.The Voting Rights Act, signed into law 56 years ago today, was a monumental piece of legislation. But with the Supreme Court and state legislatures making it harder to cast a ballot, we cant take voting rights for granted.From the coal mines of Pennsylvania to the halls of Congress, Rich Trumka was a fierce advocate for working Americans. He loved this country, and he never missed an opportunity to remind us what we can be. Thinking of his family, friends, and federation on this difficult day.One of the things Ive always loved about basketball is the fact that it brings people together and empowers young people everywhere. Im proud to join the team at @NBA_Africa and look forward to seeing the change we can create across the continent.COVID-19 has gotten more contagious, so its more important than ever to get vaccinated. Vaccines are safe, and the best way to protect yourself and your loved ones. Go to to find one near you.Bob Moses was a hero of mine. His quiet confidence helped shape the civil rights movement, and he inspired generations of young people looking to make a difference. Michelle and I send our prayers to Janet and the rest of the Moses family.I could not be prouder of the incredible athletes representing @TeamUSA at the Olympics. Their determination and hard work got them this far, and theyre ready to seize this moment. We'll be rooting for them all the way.Since Bruce @springsteen and I first sat down to record our podcast Renegades: Born in the USA, folks have asked about the stories we told and the people and places that shaped us, and were excited for this new book to continue the conversation we started last summer.Even when he was confined to the darkness of a jail cell, Madibas light shone brightly. Today, as we reflect on his legacy, I see Mandelas spirit alive in our @ObamaFoundation leaders. Im inspired by their service, and the work theyre doing to create the change we need now.As Republican legislatures across the country deliberately try to make it harder to cast a ballot, we need to keep fighting to make sure every citizen has a voice and a vote. The future of our country is at stake.John Lewis and C.T. Vivian loved this country so much that they risked their lives so that it might live up to its promise. They gave all of themselves to the cause of freedom and justice, and inspired generations to follow their example. Now its up to us to continue the work.For more than nine years, DREAMers have watched courts and politicians debate whether theyll be allowed to stay in the only country many of them have ever known. Its long past time for Congress to act and give them the protection and certainty they deserve.Starting today, working families are getting monthly payments of up to $300 per child thanks to @POTUS' American Rescue Plan. This is an historic step that will help families make ends meet and lift millions of children out of poverty.With so many folks getting together with family and friends, theres a lot to celebrate this summer. Heres a playlist of songs Ive been listening to latelyit's a mix of old and new, household names and emerging artists, and a whole lot in between.While we were still in the White House, I began sharing my summer favoritesand now, its become a little tradition that I look forward to sharing with you all. So here's this year's offering. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.Three Guinness World Records and now the national spelling bee champ! Congrats, Zailayour hard work is paying off. Were all proud of you.Michelle and I sat down with some terrific young people from @KidsPress to talk about We The People, our latest @Netflix series through Higher Ground. We're hoping these songs teach the next generation about how our government works and what it means to be an active citizen.If you want to make sure that insiders cant drown out the voices of ordinary folks, I hope you'll check out @AllOnTheLine's Redistricting U. It's a training designed to help you engage with the map-drawing process in your state. Sign up today:It's more urgent than ever for Congress to pass robust new voting rights legislationnow.In the wake of the SCOTUS ruling further weakening the Voting Rights Act, take a look at how one Republican in Michigan was subjected to harsh attacks from within his own party for simply acknowledging the validity of the election results in his state.Happy Fourth of July, and Happy Birthday, Malia! Its been such a joy to watch you begin to make your own way in the world with poise, grace, and humor. I miss the days when you thought the fireworks were for you.Libraries are citadels of knowledge and empathyand theyve played an extraordinarily important role in my life. I spoke with @SmithsonianSec Bunch about our shared love of books, A Promised Land, and the role storytelling plays in shaping our history.Our progress on the journey to equality sometimes feels like two steps forward, one step back. But when marriage equality became the law of the land six years ago, justice arrived like a thunderbolt.As a dad of two daughters, this movie really hit home for me. I'm glad to see it has resonated with so many people.Congratulations to the @CripCampFilm team on their @PeabodyAwards! I could not be prouder of the disability rights activists who inspired this film, the directors who brought their story to life, and our team at Higher Ground for their hard work.By telling her story, Natoma Canfield helped us pass the Affordable Care Act. She was an inspiration to me and so many others, which is why her letter still hangs in my office. Michelle and I send our condolences to Natomas family.The Senate is preparing to take action on a bill that would strengthen our democracy, but Republican Senators are afraid to even debate it. This week, @EricHolder and I had a chance to talk with folks across the country about whats at stake and how we can make a difference.Im really proud of young men like James and Lazarus who, despite the obstacles they have faced, are raising their daughters with tremendous love and care. To all the dads out thereHappy Fathers Day.Now that Juneteenth is a federal holiday, take a minute to learn about Opal Leethe woman who did more than anyone to make it happen. Lets follow her lead and try to leave our grandkids a better world than the one we came up in.On Monday, Im joining @EricHolder for a grassroots conversation with @AllOnTheLine to talk about why redistricting matters and how the Senate can help protect our democracy. Join us:And because he extended the special enrollment period until August 15th, anyone who needs coverage can go to and sign up.Now we need to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue to strengthen and expand it. Thats what @POTUS Biden has done through the American Rescue Plan, giving more families the peace of mind they deserve.The principle of universal coverage has been established, and 31 million people now have access to care through the law we passedwith millions more who can no longer be denied coverage or charged more because of a preexisting condition.Today, the Supreme Court upheld the Affordable Care Act. Again. This ruling reaffirms what we have long known to be true: the Affordable Care Act is here to stay.On the ninth anniversary of DACA, Im thinking about all the brave DREAMers who have stepped forward to tell their stories. They have fueled a movement that is still working to guarantee the permanent protections they deserve.I will always be inspired by their fight.Happy birthday, Sasha! Youve grown so much, and its been a joy to watch you become the person we always hoped youd be. Your mom and I cant wait to see where life takes you next.It's always great catching up with @POTUS, and I'm grateful for everything he and his administration have done to protect and expand the Affordable Care Act. Let's keep working until every American has access to quality, affordable health care.On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we #wearorange to honor those weve lost. As we begin to emerge from the pandemic, lets not forget the other epidemic killing far too many Americansand keep working to pass commonsense gun safety laws that will protect our communities.Coaches like Ernest Radcliffe are changing lives every single day. They understand how sports can help us build relationships, communicate better, and learn how to get back up when life knocks us down. Thanks for letting me stop by practice, Coach!Yesterday, I sat down with some of the Obama Presidential Centers neighborslocal business owners who help hold the South Side of Chicago together. We talked about how the @ObamaFoundation can catalyze more inclusive economic development and their hopes for the future.Michelle and I are excited to share our latest show from Higher Ground: We The People. Some of our favorite artists got together with amazing animators to remix civicsand the result is a lot better than what we had in school. Check it out on @Netflix this July 4.Its great to be back in my hometown and even better to spend some time with talented young people in Jackson Park. Im proud of the Wolfpack for a terrific season, and for their leadership off the field as well. Thanks for letting me give a guest pep talk!.@brhodes has been a close advisor and a good friend for more than a decade. His new book, After the Fall, is a personal, timely look at how America has shaped the world we live infor better and worseand the importance of continuing to lead by example. It's a great read!On the 100th anniversary of the Tulsa Race Massacre, we remember all those who were killed and the survivors who bravely continue to share their stories so that we never forget this painful part of our history. Take a moment to learn about what happened:This Memorial Day, lets remember the men and women who sacrificed everything for the people they served with and the country they loved. We owe them all an enormous debt of gratitude..@MarcusRashford is way ahead of where I was at 23and not just because hes a better athlete. It was great talking with him about everything from our shared love of reading to how we can lift up the next generation of leaders.At todays @MBK_Alliance Leadership Forum, were talking about the amazing levels of activism weve seen since George Floyd was killedand the need to reimagine policing and public safety. Join us live.The COVID-19 vaccines are a miracle of modern science, and getting one is the best way to protect yourself and your family. If you havent already, schedule an appointment near you atAt a time when so much of the debate around vaccinations and other public health measures has been politicized, this article offers a useful reminder of the role of modern science in fundamentally transforming all of our lives.When injustice runs deep, progress takes time. But if we can turn words into action and action into meaningful reform, we will, in the words of James Baldwin, cease fleeing from reality and begin to change it.Today, more people in more places are seeing the world more clearly than they did a year ago. Its a tribute to all those who decided that this time would be differentand that they, in their own ways, would help make it different.George Floyd was murdered one year ago today. Since then, hundreds more Americans have died in encounters with policeparents, sons, daughters, friends taken from us far too soon. But the last year has also given us reasons to hope.On Wednesday, Ill join activists, community leaders, and young people from the @MBK_Alliance for a conversation about transforming tragedy into meaningful reform in the year since George Floyd's murder. Find out how you can join us live:I recently spoke with a group of HBCU students who are helping folks in their communities get vaccinated. Theyre doing amazing work, and have some great advice about how to answer questions and build trust.Spending time with young folks always makes me hopeful about the future. I had a great time catching up with @ChiPubSchools South Shore students and talking about some of our plans for the Obama Presidential Center.This month marks 60 years since the Freedom Riders bravely set out on two buses to challenge segregation in the South. To mark this anniversary, the @ObamaFoundation spoke with three of those freedom riders. I hope youll listen to their story:The other day I had a chance to visit a COVID-19 vaccination site in Greenbelt, MD. It was great to see so many folks getting their shot. If you need one, sign up today at  and then spread the word so we can keep our families and communities safe.On International Nurses Day, lets celebrate the nurses and medical professionals around the world who do so much for so many. And lets thank them the best way we can: by getting the COVID-19 vaccine and encouraging our friends and family to do the same.When @POTUS signed the American Rescue Plan, it led to the largest expansion of health care since the Affordable Care Act. Now close to 1 million people have signed up for health care since February. Make sure you're covered atHappy Mothers Day to @MichelleObama and all the moms celebrating today. I hope you take a moment to thank the women who love you in that special way that mothers do, and remember those who are no longer with us.He was exactly what we needed and more than we ever expected. We will miss him dearly.He tolerated all the fuss that came with being in the White House, had a big bark but no bite, loved to jump in the pool in the summer, was unflappable with children, lived for scraps around the dinner table, and had great hair.Today our family lost a true friend and loyal companion. For more than a decade, Bo was a constant, gentle presence in our liveshappy to see us on our good days, our bad days, and everyday in between.Zahrahs story is a reminder that the Obama Presidential Center isnt just about creating a place for people to visit. Its about investing in the South Side, and giving Chicagoans an opportunity to build a brighter future.Happy 90th birthday to Willie Mays! If it wasn't for folks like Willie and Jackie Robinson, I might never have made it to the White House. The spirit he played with and the way he carried himself changed the game and peoples attitudes. Im glad hes still going strong.It was because of them I was able to travel to New York City later that week and tell some of the people who had a loved one murdered by al Qaeda on September 11: America has never forgotten your loss. Watch my full conversation with Bill:This week, Admiral Bill McRaven joined me to reflect on the operation against Osama bin Laden ten years ago.  Looking back, I am grateful to Bill, his team, and the thousands of people across government, whose work made it possible for that mission to succeed.Bernie Wong was a trailblazer who spent her life advocating for Asian Americans and immigrant communities in Chicago and across the U.S. Her legacy of community leadership inspired me and so many others, and her impact will be felt for generations to come.During President @JoeBidens first 100 days, the economy has created more than 1 million jobs, more than 200 million shots have been administered, and were on our way to cutting child poverty in half. And as we saw last night, this is just the beginning.States have just learned how many seats they have in Congress for the next decade. This process is an important step in making sure our mapsand electoral processbetter reflect our communities. Get involved in the fight for fair maps with @AllOnTheLine:The worlds attention must remain on Myanmar, where Ive been appalled by heartbreaking violence against civilians and inspired by the nationwide movement that represents the voice of the people.I love wandering into independent bookstores and discovering new voices and new authors. So on Independent Bookstore Day, I wanted to talk with some of the folks who help support authors and nourish our communities.No challenge poses a greater threat to our planet and to future generations than climate change. Im proud that the @ObamaFoundation supports young people leading this fight and that the Obama Presidential Center reflects our commitment to sustainability.Today, a jury did the right thing. But true justice requires much more. Michelle and I send our prayers to the Floyd family, and we stand with all those who are committed to guaranteeing every American the full measure of justice that George and so many others have been denied.With all the enormous challenges facing the world, its worth taking the time to appreciate extraordinary human achievement and our relentless impulse toward discovery.I want to share a new book, Power to the Public, that illustrates how nonprofits and governments can use technology to solve some of the most pressing issues of our time. It includes some good examples and is worth a read for anyone who cares about making change happen.Walter Mondale championed progressive causes and changed the role of VPso leaders like @JoeBiden could be the last ones in the room when decisions were made. In selecting Geraldine Ferraro, he also paved the way for @VP to make history. Michelle and I send prayers to his family.Charles and @Shaq agree: we can all help end this pandemic by getting the COVID-19 vaccine. It's the only way to keep everyone safe and help us get back to all the things we miss mostfrom seeing family and friends to watching sports in person.After nearly two decades in Afghanistan, its time to recognize that we have accomplished all that we can militarily, and bring our remaining troops home. I support @POTUSs bold leadership in building our nation at home and restoring our standing around the world.Michelle and I are thrilled to be one step closer to bringing the Obama Presidential Center to the South Side of Chicago. We hope it will help lift up the South Side and breathe new life into Jackson Park and the surrounding communities.You can find resources and ways to help here:Our hearts are heavy over yet another shooting of a Black man, Daunte Wright, at the hands of police. Its important to conduct a full and transparent investigation, but this is also a reminder of just how badly we need to reimagine policing and public safety in this country.Through his extraordinary example, His Royal Highness Prince Philip proved that true partnership has room for both ambition and selflessness all in service of something greater. Our thoughts are with Her Majesty the Queen, the Royal Family, and the British people.The only way well be able to beat this pandemic is if enough people get vaccinated. So join me, Michelle, and Americans everywhere in getting the COVID-19 vaccine as soon as its available to youand encourage your friends and family to do the same.Bruce @Springsteen and I close out our podcast, Renegades: Born in the USA, back where it all began: with a conversation about the story of America and how to restore faith in its promise. Listen to our final episode on Spotify.Read about other developments from communities working together to reimagine policing in our recent @MBK_Alliance report.More places are experimenting with programs that send civilian responders instead of police to help people experiencing mental health crises. Its a promising development in law enforcement in the wake of this summers protests.This Easter, I hope we can all take some time to reflect on the blessings we enjoy and the hope we have for a brighter future. From our family to yours, have a safe and happy Easter.Congratulations to @MLB for taking a stand on behalf of voting rights for all citizens. Theres no better way for Americas pastime to honor the great Hank Aaron, who always led by example.Its always great catching up with @IsabelWilkerson, and this time were talking about A Promised Land and our mutual love of books with @BNBuzz. Take a look:Bruce and I agree that our most important anchor over the years has been our families. Were both lucky enough to have remarkable partners who ground us, and kids who help us understand what really matters in life. Listen to our conversation on @Spotify:My family and I are mourning the loss of our beloved grandmother, Sarah Ogwel Onyango Obama, affectionately known to many as Mama Sarah but known to us as Dani or Granny. We will miss her dearly, but well celebrate with gratitude her long and remarkable life.As we build the Obama Presidential Center on the South Side of Chicago, we're focused on generating sustainable jobs for the local community. Our new workforce initiative will open doors to those often left out of the construction industry.Lets be clear: This is a deliberate attempt to undermine our democracy by making it harder to vote. Thats why passing the For the People Act is so important, and why every one of us needs to keep up the fight. Our future depends on it.Now we need to keep it up. Because until every single American has access to quality, affordable health care, we have more work to doand Im grateful to President Biden for continuing to lead the fight.The American Rescue Plan lowers premiums for millions of families, makes health insurance more affordable for low-and middle-income Americans, and provides incentives for states to expand Medicaid and cover as many as four million additional Americans.And now, thanks to the hard work of President Biden, Senator Schumer, Speaker Pelosi, and Americans all across the country who have spent years fighting against repeal and pushing to improve the law, our starter home is starting to look pretty spacious.But Ive always said that the ACA is like a starter homeits our job to keep tinkering with it and improving it over time.The Affordable Care Act has helped 20 million Americans get coverageand up to 130 million Americans can no longer be denied coverage because of a preexisting condition. It has been a lifeline for Americans who've lost their jobs and their health insurance during the pandemic.As part of the American Rescue Plan, @POTUS just signed the largest expansion of health care since the Affordable Care Act. Its an example of how government is supposed to work, and exactly what I hoped would happen when I signed the ACA into law 11 years ago today.A once-in-a-century pandemic cannot be the only thing that slows mass shootings in this country. Its time for leaders everywhere to listen to the American people when they say enough is enough.Join me, @ProtectOurCare, and health care advocates from across the country to discuss 11 years of the Affordable Care Act and the work we still need to do to make sure all Americans have access to quality, affordable health care. Watch now:Bruce @Springsteen and I both had complicated relationships with our fathers. In our latest conversation on Renegades: Born in the USA, we discuss our upbringing, masculinity, and the role our fathers played in helping us become the men we are today.11 years after the Affordable Care Act was passed, its getting even better. Ill be having a conversation with @ProtectOurCare this Monday, March 22 at 1:15 PM ET and hope youll join:.@POTUS set a goal to deliver 100 million vaccine shots in 100 days. His administration hit the milestone in just 58. Lets keep it going: Please get the vaccine as soon as its available to you. Its the only way to beat this pandemic.Like many of you, Im thrilled that #MarchMadness is finally back. You can check out my picks here:Michelle and I pray for the victims, their families, everyone grieving these needless and devastating killingsand we urge meaningful action that will save lives.Yesterday's shootings are another tragic reminder that we have far more work to do to put in place commonsense gun safety laws and root out the pervasive patterns of hatred and violence in our society.Even as weve battled the pandemic, weve continued to neglect the longer-lasting epidemic of gun violence in America. Although the shooters motive is not yet clear, the identity of the victims underscores an alarming rise in anti-Asian violence that must end.Congrats to directors @NicoleNewnham, @JimLeBrecht, and everyone with @CripCampFilm on the Oscar nomination! The heart, passion, and brilliance of those who led the disability rights movement is something to celebrate. Michelle and I hope you'll watch their story on Netflix.I could not be prouder of the @ChiPubSchools students I spoke with recently about A Promised Land. One of the reasons I wrote this book was for young people to be able to see themselves in my storyand I hope our conversation left them as inspired as it left me.For the latest episode of our podcast, I talk to Bruce @Springsteen about my time as a community organizer and the influences that led to me pursuing a career in public service. Take a listen on Spotify:When @POTUS was elected, he said help was on the wayand he delivered. The American Rescue Plan is landmark legislation that will ring through generations, lifting up families and beating back this pandemic. Here's how it will help people like you:Michelle and I got vaccinated against COVID-19 because we know its the best way to beat this pandemic, protect one another, and get the country back up and running again. So I hope youll get the vaccine as soon as its available to you. It could save your life.From my first cross-country road trip as a child to Bruces experience coming of age toward the end of the Vietnam War, @Springsteen and I each continue to reflect on moments from our upbringing that helped shape our view of America. Listen here:Fifty-six years after Bloody Sunday, our march is not yet over. There are more steps to be taken, more bridges to be crossed. And thats why the Obama Presidential Center is designed to honor the giants who carried us and inspire the next generation to lead us forward.This is the kind of progress thats possible when we elect leaders across government who are devoted to making peoples lives betterand a reminder of why its so important to vote.This landmark legislation will help families pay rent and put food on the table, lift millions of children out of poverty, make health care more affordable, aid small businesses, fund broad-based vaccination efforts, and make it easier for states to reopen schools.Elections matterand were seeing why. Congratulations to the Biden Administration and to the American people on a COVID relief bill that will improve the lives of families across the country..@BillGates' new book is an exceptionally clear and accessible primer on climate change. He's unblinking in the difficulty of meeting this challenge but maintains a cautious optimism that it can be metand provides a framework for action that is both specific and workable.And as we rightly celebrate what Democrats accomplished in the 2020 election, its always worth analyzing those successes in depthand looking at where we came up shortas we look toward future cycles. This interview includes some ideas worth considering:The Biden administrations commitment to democratic values at home and abroad couldnt be more importantbecause democracy remains at risk around the world:If you havent read Michelles memoir yet, I hope you doespecially if the young readers edition might resonate with you or someone you know. Becoming isnt just a titleits a process we all go through, and Miches story brings that to life with real honesty and beauty.Like so many others, Michelle and I benefited from Vernon Jordan's wise counsel and warm friendshipand deeply admired his tireless fight for civil rights. We hope the memory of his extraordinary presence and the legacy of his work bring comfort to Ann, Vickee, and his family.Music has always been an important part of my life, and I think its safe to say that the same is true for @Springsteen. In this episode, we talked about the songs thatve made a difference for usand Bruce even brought out the guitar. Listen on @Spotify:To date, My Brothers Keeper has touched thousands of lives, and these are just a few stories of the inspiring young men weve met. By joining the @MBK_Alliance, you can help us reach even more.Today marks seven years since we launched My Brothers Keeper to reduce barriers and expand opportunity for boys and young men of color. And it remains true that the only way our country lives up to its ideals is if our young people can reach their fullest potential.I first picked up Toni Morrisons novels when I was entering college, and her voice fundamentally changed my perspective on the world. This Black History Month, I reflected on the impact that her writing has had on my life.It wasgreatto hear from this impressive groupof young leaders. If there'sone thing wecanbankon, its that young folks liketheseare our best hope fora more sustainable and just world.In each of us, there's a story to be shareda story thats sacred and can bring us together. I had such a good time talking with the @WellReadBlkGirl Book Club about A Promised Land because just as they learned about my story, I had a chance to learn from theirs.Even as we focus on fighting COVID-19, its important to recognize that theres another pandemic raging right nowone thats decades in the making and unique to the United States. We need to treat gun violence with the same urgency and resolve.Sending my prayers to @TigerWoods and his family tonightheres to a speedy recovery for the GOAT of golf. If weve learned anything over the years, its to never count Tiger out.Last year, I sat down with my good friend Bruce @Springsteen for a long and meaningful conversation that touched on so much of what were all dealing with these days. Im excited to share it with you over the next few weeks:For decades, John Lewis not only gave all of himself to the cause of freedom and justice, but inspired generations that followed to try to live up to his example. On his birthday, we honor his memory, and work toward continuing his legacy by creating change in our communities.I want to share this inspiring book about the events leading up to the 1960 election, from Dr. King's imprisonment to student activism in Atlanta to JFK's campaign. It's a story we can all learn froma story of overlooked heroes and the power each of us has to create change.Congrats to @NASAJPL on landing @MarsPersevere today! Looking forward to seeing what this mission uncoversand proud our administration invested in this effort eight years ago to help continue Americas rich tradition of exploration and discovery.I felt inspired and hopeful after speaking with students in @TheTellingRooms Young Writers & Leaders program. I wrote #APromisedLand in part because I hoped to reach young people like those in this groupthe unique voices of a new generation, energized and unafraid to dream big.Michelle and I are thinking of everyone across the country braving the winter storms this week. Heres an overview of how you can helpor, if youre in Texas, where you can go to stay warm or get support.Great news: Thanks to President Biden, starting today, you can go to to sign up for health insurance. If youre uninsured or hoping to change plans, heres a good article that can help you figure out if youre eligible.Happy Valentines Day to the three who never fail to make me smile. Your dazzling light makes everything brighter.During our time in the White House, Michelle and I were proud to display artwork from artists like Alma Thomas and Charles Alstonwhose work provoked thought, challenged our assumptions, and shaped how we define our narrative as a country.There is a lot of disinformation out there, but heres the truth: You should get a COVID vaccine as soon as it's available to you. It could save your lifeor a loved ones.Climatechangeis a real threat to us allbut feeling helpless or overwhelmed isnt going to solve it. As long as we stay hopeful and keep working with the urgency the challenge demands, we can make a difference.Im proud to announce that the Obama Presidential Center will officially break ground in 2021. Our hope is that the center will breathe new life into historic Jackson Park while delivering jobs, growth, and much more to the South Side. Lets get to work.Black-owned independent bookstores play a critical role in communities all across our country. I wanted to show my support, so I dropped in to surprise the folks from @MahoganyBooks & the Very Smart Brothas Book Club. Take a look.When Jackie Robinson faced down slurs, spiked cleats, and pitches aimed at his headand stole home anywayhe didn't only change baseball. He changed the world and paved the way for others, including me. On his birthday, were called not only to honor that legacy but build on it.In her extraordinary career, Cicely Tyson was one of the rare award-winning actors whose work on the screen was surpassed only by what she was able to accomplish off of it. She had a heart unlike any otherand for 96 years, she left a mark on the world that few will ever match..@EkpeUdohI saw your tweet about A Promised Land and thought Id respond. For me, the title of my book is about the work we need to do to realize the promise of becoming a more perfect union, even if we dont get there in our lifetimes. Glad to see your book club is reading it!Heres an example of the incredible risks and burdens that our essential workers have been facing. And even as we move toward vaccinating our population, we all need to remain vigilant until weve beaten this pandemic.Hank Aaron was one of the best baseball players weve ever seen and one of the strongest people Ive ever met. Michelle and I send our thoughts and prayers to the Aaron family and everyone who was inspired by this unassuming man and his towering example.This is a time for boldness and President Biden is already delivering. By rejoining the Paris climate accords on day one, he declared loudly and clearly that the U.S. will once again lead the fight against climate change. And this is only the beginning.Today was a good day. And it was only possible because of you. Because you made calls. Because you marched. Because you wore your masks and voted like never before. For four years, you defended our democracy with everything you hadand now, our country can enter a new day.On a day for the history books, @TheAmandaGorman delivered a poem that more than met the moment. Young people like her are proof that "there is always light, if only we're brave enough to see it; if only we're brave enough to be it."Congratulations to my friend, President @JoeBiden! This is your time.On #MLKDay, we celebrate his life but were also called to live out his values through service of our own. Here are some ways you can get involved in your community:If anyone had a right to question whether our democracy was worth redeeming, it was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Because in the face of billy clubs and lynchings, poll taxes and literacy tests, he never gave in to violence, never waved a traitorous flag or gave up on our country.Happy birthday to my love, my partner, and my best friend. Every moment with you is a blessing. Love you, Miche.And heres a look back at the response to last summers Black Lives Matter protests.And heres one that is more anecdotal.For those who are wondering why so much attention has been focused on the response of the Capitol Police to the Trump-inspired riots, heres a data-driven article that provides some useful frame of reference.Heres my statement on todays violence at the Capitol.My friend John Lewis is surely smiling down on his beloved Georgia this morning, as people across the state carried forward the baton that he and so many others passed down to them.Georgia votersIf you're in line before the polls close at 7 pm, stay there. You have the right to vote, no matter how long it takes. If you have questions, call the Georgia voter protection hotline at 1-888-730-5816. Let's bring this home.Great to see you out there, Tyriek. First-time voters are making a difference today!Thanks for voting, Emilyand thanks even more for committing to stay involved after today. Your state and your country need you!If you have questions or run into any issues at your polling location, call the Georgia voter protection hotline at 1-888-730-5816.Georgia, this is it. Today is Election Day and your vote can help elect @ReverendWarnock and Jon @Ossoff to the U.S. Senate. Make your voice heard today and voteeither in person or by dropping off your mail-in ballot at a ballot drop box.For those looking for ways to help @ReverendWarnock and Jon @Ossoff get elected, you can find opportunities to volunteer from anywhere atIf youre a Georgia voter, you can respond tomorrow with the most powerful tool we have as Americansyour vote. Make a plan to vote in person or drop off your mail-in-ballot at a ballot drop box. Check-in with your family and friends to do the same.Tomorrow is Election Day in Georgia and the stakes could not be higher. Were seeing how far some will go to retain power and threaten the fundamental principles of our democracy. But our democracy isnt about any individual, even a presidentits about you.Georgia, you voted in record numbers to send @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris to the White House. Now we need you to show up again to vote @ReverendWarnock and Jon @Ossoff to the U.S. Senate. Make your plan to vote on Tuesday, January 5 atAnd heres a story that reminds us of the power of fresh starts, community, and the good thats in all of us, across the country and around the world.After a year that has tested us in unimaginable ways, we've seen how people from all walks of life have stepped up to create change to make things better. Here's to ringing in 2021 with optimism for what's to come and a belief that our best days are still ahead. Happy New Year!Were just one week away from the U.S. Senate runoff elections in Georgia. If youre in Georgia, make a plan to vote early if you can and reach out to your friends and family to make sure they do the same.The redistricting process in 2021 will be a snapshot of democracy in action, and @allontheline is working to ensure everyone has a voice. Weve accomplished a lot together this year, but there's still so much work to do. Join us:This Christmas looks different for all of us. As we spend time with those we lovein person or virtuallylet us celebrate the blessings we cherish, embrace the spirit of giving, and look out for one another. From my family to yours, Merry Christmas!Its unconscionable that there are families worried over the holidays that theyll be evicted next month. Extending the eviction moratorium was a start, but Congress has to do more to help folks who cant pay rent because of COVID-related unemployment.With COVID cases surging worse than ever, getting vaccinated is one of the most important things we can do. But until the vaccine is widely available, socially distancing and wearing masks will actually save even more lives, and alleviate the pressure on healthcare workers.Here are some of my favorite songs of the year. As usual, I had some valuable consultation from our family music guru, Sasha, to put this together. I hope you find a new song or two to listen to.Like everyone else, we were stuck inside a lot thisyear, and with streaming further blurring the lines between theatrical movies and television features, Ive expanded thelistto include visual storytelling that Ive enjoyed thisyear, regardlessofformat.From Willie Mays to Mamie Johnson, the players and teams in the Negro Leagues changed the game of baseball and paved the way for so many today. Glad to see the @MLB officially recognize them as major leaguers.As 2020 comes to a close, I wanted to share my annual lists of favorites. Ill start by sharing my favorite books this year, deliberately omitting what I think is a pretty good book A Promised Land by a certain 44th president. I hope you enjoy reading these as much as I did.I had some fun answering questions about #APromisedLand for BookTube. I talked to creators about everything from fatherhood, to celebrating science at the White House, to the role strong women played in my life. You can watch the full episode on @YouTube:Theres just one day left to sign up for heath care during open enrollment. If you or someone you know needs coverage, head to right now to sign up for an affordable plan that works for you and your family.Georgians, today is the first day of early voting make a plan to vote right now and vote early if you can. Then, make sure your friends and family in Georgia do the same.Georgias runoff election will determine whether the American people have a Senate thats actually fighting for them. You can get involved right nowmake calls, chip in, and do whatever you can to help elect @ReverendWarnock and @Ossoff:Heres a great way to call voters in Georgia and help them get ready to vote. A couple hours this weekend could help Democrats win the Senate.Happy Hanukkah to all those celebrating around the world. This year has tested us all, but it's also clarified what really matters. May the lights of the menorah remind us to cherish the blessings we have and offer glimmers of hope. From my family to yours, Chag Sameach!In A Promised Land, I talk about the decisions I had to make during the first few years of my presidency. Here are some thoughts on how I approach tough questions:With COVID-19 cases reaching an all-time high this week, we've got to continue to do our part to protect one another. This pandemic is far from over and your actions can help save lives.To all of you in Georgia, today is the last day to register to vote in the upcoming runoff election. Take a few minutes right now to register to vote, and then make sure everybody you know is registered, too.Thanks for sharing Marjon. I hope you get something out of A Promised Land keep up the good work!Glad to see A Promised Land in such good company.If you're in Georgia, make sure you and everybody you know is registered to vote by Monday, December 7. And if you turn 18 by January 5, you're eligible to vote in the runoff. Get registered right now:Join me for a conversation with the next U.S. Senators from Georgia, @ReverendWarnock and @Ossoff, along with @StaceyAbrams and @NikemaWilliams. The stakes couldnt be higher for their runoffs:We started the @ObamaFoundation to help a new generation build a better tomorrow. And many of them already are, stepping up through the pandemic and protests to demand real change. On Giving Tuesday, I'm asking you to invest in them:Lets all do our part this Thanksgiving to keep people safe and healthy. Celebrate virtually, if you can. Wear a mask. And as always, listen to the experts. The choices you make could save lives.The balance of power in the Senate is at stake in Georgias runoff election. Weve got two great candidates@ReverendWarnock and @Ossoffwho need your support. Go to to find ways to get involved.Michelle and I are eager to bring the Obama Presidential Center to our hometowna way to honor the city we love, all those who came before us, and pay tribute to people coming together to do extraordinary things.This was fun. I heard Tim and Fred were listening to some of the songs on my A Promised Land playlist, so I decided to drop in and surprise them. We talked about a lot, from Bob Dylan to old-school mixtapes to the role music played in my memoir.My memoir, A Promised Land, is out today. I hope youll read it. My goal was to give you some insight into the events and people that shaped me during the early years of my presidency. Most of all, I hope it inspires you to see yourself playing a role in shaping a better world.Music has always played an important role in my lifeand that was especially true during my presidency. In honor of my book hitting shelves tomorrow, I put together this playlist featuring some memorable songs from my administration. Hope you enjoy it.More than anyone else, I wrote my book for young peopleas an invitation to once again remake the world, and to bring about, through hard work, determination, and a big dose of imagination, an America that finally aligns with all that is best in us.Today, were reminded of our solemn obligation: to serve our veterans as well as they have served us. To all of our veterans and service members, were forever grateful for your commitment to our countryand your willingness to put it all on the line for us. Thank you.Congratulations to my friends, @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris our next President and Vice President of the United States.Thank you Chiney, Nneka, and all of the athletes who are using their platforms and helping people vote in this election.Rahul, you're helping make democracy work today. Thank you.There's a reason some folks are trying to make it hard for you to vote: They know that if you do, things change. And that's why the answer isn't to stay at home. It's to turn out like never before and show them what this country stands for.If you are in line to vote before polls close, you have the right to vote. Stay in line for as long as it takes. If you have any questions, call the voter hotline at 833-336-8683. Weve got this.This Election Day, everything is on the line. Our jobs. Our health care. Whether or not we get this pandemic under control. But heres the good news: today, you can choose change. You can elect @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris. Lets win this thing.This is it today is the last day to vote. If you haven't already, find your polling place atFor eight years, Joe was the last one in the room whenever I faced a big decision. He made me a better president. And today, we have the chance to elect Joe and Kamala to build our country back better. But its going to take every single one of us. Vote:More than 100 million Americans have already cast a ballot in this election. Joel, Monica, and Andrs are three of them and I got to FaceTime with them before they voted.  Join them and get out there and vote today.Our administration literally left this White House a playbook that would have shown them how to respond before COVID-19 reached our shores. Joe and I revisited it recently. Take a look and then vote for a leader who will get this virus under control.On Tuesday, you can choose change. You can choose a better America. You can elect @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris. I am fired up to be back in Florida lets bring this home.Maaza, this is beautiful. Thank you for votingand thank you for staying hopeful.Congrats on your first vote, Dewey! It will make a difference.Weve got to vote up and down the ticket like never before for Democratic candidates. Join me for a drive-in rally in Georgia with @Ossoff and @ReverendWarnock.We cant afford to be complacent. Not this time. Not in this election. Make a plan right now:We cant just imagine a better future; weve got to fight for it and vote for it. If you havent voted yet, make sure to return your ballot in person or make a plan to vote at If youve already voted, text three friends to make sure they have a plan.Today is the first day of Open Enrollment. If you need coverage or want to renew coverage, go to right now and select a plan that works for you. And then make sure you get out there and vote like your health care depends on itbecause it does.Shoot your shot.Fired up to be with my friends @StevieWonder and @JoeBiden in Detroit to make sure everybody turns out to vote in this election. Tune in live.Don't boo vote! Happy Halloween, everybody.Three days, Michigan. Three days until the most important election of our lifetimes. Join me and @JoeBiden for our first car rally together from Flint.You could be the difference between someone making it out to the polls or staying home. And many states could be decided by a handful of votes. Join me and make some calls for Joe in the last few days of this election:Always great talking to @KingJames and @MavCarter about everything from this unique NBA season to the importance of voting in every election. Tune in tonight and make your plan to vote:Second, volunteeryou can make calls or text voters who can use a nudge to vote for Joe. You can be the difference between someone turning in their ballot or showing up to the polls on Tuesdayor not voting. Head to for ways to help the campaign.If you're wondering how you can support @JoeBiden in these final days of the campaign, here are two ways you can help. First, donate what you can. Itll help the team reach the voters we most need to connect with:What we do in these next four days will not just decide the next four years, but the future of this country. Lets choose hope over fear. Im counting on you.If we pour all our effort into these last five days and vote up and down the ticket like never before, then we will elect @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris. And we will leave no doubt about who we are and what this country stands for. Let's go.Here are some helpful tips about voting in person this year. Do vote early if you can, don't get out of line, and a couple of other important reminders. If you're voting by mail, now is the time to drop off your ballot at a drop box or an election office.Thanks for making your voice heard, Adam. I know a thing or two about being hopeful in the rain, too.This right here is what it's all about. Tell your mom thank you for voting, Leta.Stella, thank you for being a poll worker. Youre making a difference and helping folks cast their ballot safely.Weve only got one week left in this election. Im in Orlando for @JoeBiden to get more folks to vote and use their voices to determine the direction of our country. Let's go.In Miami this weekend, I dropped by The Shop to talk with @KingJames and @MavCarter about the NBA bubble, the racial justice movement, and what's at stake over these next seven days. Do not give up your power. Make a plan to vote:Republicans love to say right before an election that theyll protect preexisting conditions. Well, Joe and I actually did it and hell keep protecting your health care as president. Weve got eight days left. Vote.In the middle of a pandemic, this administration is trying to dismantle the Affordable Care Act in the Supreme Court. Heres how Joe and I fought to expand health care, protect millions of Americans with preexisting conditions, and actually get it done:Felicidades, Sofia I'll bet your car decorations alone inspired a few folks to head to the polls! Thank you for making your voice heard. It matters.Dawn, you're showing us all how it's done not just making your own voice heard, but helping others do so, too. Kidney cancer doesn't stand a chance. You've got this.To anyone considering sitting this election out, look at this image. Then make a plan to vote. You're an inspiration to all of us, Brian and we're all behind you in this fight.Eight months into the pandemic, as new cases are breaking records, we need an administration thats not going to wave the white flag. A year ago today, @JoeBiden was talking about the leadership we need to get prepared for a pandemic, and hes got a plan to get it under control.In 2020, we show up early for everything, but especially for voting. Get out there and vote!Hello, Florida! It's #VoteEarlyDay and were just 10 days away from this election. I want to see you make a plan today for how youre going to get involved and vote. Lets get to work.One election won't make everything perfectbut it could make things better. And that's why its worth taking a few minutes to vote. It's the best route for us to achieve the changes we want. Make your plan to vote at Lets bring this home.Were just days away from the election and I know there are a lot of good lawyers out there who want to make sure that voting is safe, secure, and accessible for everybody. If thats you, I hope youll sign up with @WeTheAction to protect the vote:Joe has the character and the experience to make our country better - but first, he needs your vote. Make a plan to vote right now and vote as early as you can.And theres a lot more on the ballot than voting for president. If you want more information about all the candidates and measures thatll be on your ballot, this is a good place to start:I just voted by mail for @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris. If you're planning on doing the same, follow all the instructions carefully, and drop it in the mail or at a ballot drop box right away. Here, Ill show you:Great to be back in Philly today. I'm fired up and ready to go!13 days until the most important election of our lifetimes. And you dont have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot. Make a plan, vote, and then help your friends and family make a plan at Lets do this.102 never looked better! Grateful for all the folkslike your great auntwho continue to show up and vote in this important election.Participate and vote. Its not always pretty trust me, I know. But its how, bit by bit, weve made progress over generations. Go to to make your plan, then get some friends to join you. Lets go.One of the most inspiring things about this year has been seeing so many young people organizing, marching, and fighting for change. And to change the game on any of the issues we care about, we've got to vote for @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris.Bob Bauer and @JacklGoldsmith's new book is a thoughtful and comprehensive look at the issues at stake as we debate the role of the presidency in the coming years. It's worth a read.From police reform to funding our schools, the officials with the most power to change the issues we care about in our communities are often found at the state and local levels. So educate yourselves up and down the ticket, make a plan to vote, and vote:.@PeteSouza was always there to document every moment of my presidency, from high-stakes meetings with world leaders to quiet mornings reading briefing memos. The @WayISeeItFilm is one to watchand a reminder to get registered and make a plan to vote.Democrats winning control of the Senate will make all the difference on how much progress we can achieve on health care, supporting working families, and more. Join @CatherineForNV and me for today's grassroots event:Nobody should have to wait 11 hours to vote, but were all grateful that youand all those in line with youstuck it out. Keep making your voices heard, everybody. Our democracy depends on it.Theres still so much work to do to make our communities safe and supportive for everybody. Elected officials can join us by taking the @MBK_Alliances Reimagining Policing Pledge:In Evanston, IL, Northwestern University faculty and students worked with their police department to develop recommendations to change the citys use of force policy and improve training and accountability standards.In Washtenaw County, MI, the new Task Force on 21st Century Policing will include community members, faith and nonprofit leaders, and mental health professionals. Plus, residents will be a part of the selection process for new officers.In Madison, WI, community groups will now choose the members of a new civilian police oversight board, which must include at least one member who was previously incarcerated.In June, I called on elected officials across the country to work with their communities to take steps to review and reform their use of force policies. Already, were seeing progress:We've only got 20 days to go until Election Day and we've got to vote for @JoeBiden and Democrats up and down the ballot. I talked to @PodSaveAmerica about this election, the 2020 Census, and the role we can all play to create change in the months ahead..@JohnBrennanis one of the hardest-working, most patriotic public servants Ive ever seen, and our country is better off for it. As president, he was one of my closest advisors and a great friend. And in his memoir, Undaunted, youll see why. I hope youll read it.This article is worth a read to learn more about why you should respond and what makes the 2020 Census different:Complete the Census before it's too lateit determines the resources your community will get over the next decade, from funding for roads and Medicare to political representation. Take a few minutes before the deadline tomorrow: Call 844-330-2020 or visitThere's a lot at stake in this election. From getting this pandemic under control to building a fairer economy to taking on climate change and protecting our health care, your vote can make all the difference. Register today and make a plan to vote early:And congratulations to my friend Alex Smith, for fighting back from a life-threatening injury to start at quarterback again for the Washington Football Team. Its a testament to his strength, determination and the love and support of his family.Proud of my friend @KingJames for his fourth title, fourth Finals MVP, and for not only living up to the hype after seventeen seasons, but surpassing it as an extraordinary leader both on the court and in the public arena fighting for education, social justice, and our democracy.Congrats to the @Lakers and @Seattlestorm on their championship wins! Proud of all the NBA and WNBA teams and players who've been using their platforms to take a stand for racial justice and encourage civic participation this season.Join me for a conversation with @EricHolder and @allontheline. Well be talking about whats at stake in this years election, the redistricting process, and ways to get involved in the fight to strengthen our democracy.A couple years ago, I met some promising young men working to prevent gun violence with @ChicagoCred. Talking with them reminded me that one of the best ways to make our communities safer is simple: Listen toand invest invoices like theirs.And make sure you watch his full speechone of the best I've seen Joe give:We have the opportunity to elect a leader who will unify this nation. And that leader is @JoeBiden. We don't have a moment to waste.Its going to take a lot of big-thinking and innovation to save the one planet weve gotand thats why @KensingtonRoyals leadership on climate change can make a real difference.There's so much at stake in this electionand millions of Americans have already started voting. If you haven't already, make a plan to join them right now. Visit to get all the information you need to vote safely and securely in your state. Let's go.Last night, @KamalaHarris shared how she will work with @JoeBiden to protect the Affordable Care Act and build on it so every American has access to quality, affordable care.Right in the middle of a pandemic it failed to control, this administration is trying to get the Supreme Court to eliminate preexisting conditions protections for more than 100 million Americans.#ImVotingFor the future of our democracyfor the young folks who will inherit whatever we leave them. Theyll take the baton from us and do their part to keep carrying progress forward. But its our time right now. And the best way to do that is to vote early for @JoeBiden..@JoeBiden has a plan to build our country back better and create millions of jobsjobs that can help working families get ahead. Joe helped manage the Recovery Act, which jumpstarted the longest stretch of job growth in our history. And hell do it again.This is as powerful an argument as Ive heard about the stakes of this election. Watch it. Share it. And get everyone you know to vote for @JoeBiden.States across the country have voter registration deadlines coming upand many of them are today. Do your part to protect this democracy and change our country for the better. Register or check your registration, and make a plan to vote:Dont waitcomplete the Census today. From funding for education, health care, and infrastructure in your community to the way youre represented in government, getting counted matters. Take a minute to call 844-330-2020 or visitObviously, were in the midst of a big political battle right now, and while theres a lot at stake, lets remember that were all Americans. Were all human beings. And we want everyone to be healthy, no matter our party.Michelle and I hope that the President, First Lady, and all those affected by the coronavirus around the country are getting the care they need and are on the path to a speedy recovery.Last night, I surprised a group of first-time poll workers at the @NBA Finals. These @MoreThanAVote volunteers are stepping up to make sure this election runs safely and fairly in their communities and you can too by signing up to volunteer atI'm looking forward to catching up with @KamalaHarris and folks around the country at our grassroots fundraiser tomorrow to talk about what's at stake in this election. You still have time to join us! I hope to see you there:Always look forward to watching the NBA Finalsand tonight I had the chance to thank a great group of first-time poll workers with @morethanavote. Its critical that everybody votes in this electionby mail or in person if you can. Register to vote atJoe knows this isnt about himits about us. Make your plan to vote right now. Weve got to vote like our democracy depends on it. Because it does.Im proud to endorse these outstanding Democratic candidates who will work to get the virus under control, rebuild the economy and the middle class, and protect Americans health care and preexisting conditions protections. Support these candidatesand vote early if you can.You don't need me to tell you what's at stake in this election. Now is the time to show up and vote like never before to elect Democratic candidates up and down the ballot. Educate yourself on the candidates running and vote:All right, let's try something new. If youre in the United States, send me a text at 773-365-9687 I want to hear how you're doing, what's on your mind, and how you're planning on voting this year.  I'll be in touch from time to time to share what's on my mind, too.Your vote has never mattered more than it does right now. Today is National Voter Registration Day. Go to to register and make a plan to vote. And make sure everybody you know does, too.Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fought to the end, through her cancer, with unwavering faith in our democracy and its ideals. Thats how we remember her. But she also left instructions for how she wanted her legacy to be honored. My statement:If you're looking for a way to get involved in this upcoming election, sign up to volunteer as a poll worker for early voting and Election Day. You can help your community and make sure this election runs fairly and safely. Sign up:Theres no feeling like finishing a book, and Im proud of this one. In A Promised Land, I try to provide an honest accounting of my presidency, the forces we grapple with as a nation, and how we can heal our divisions and make democracy work for everybody.Over the last few months, I've learned a thing or two from the young people in our country. I figured I would return the favor by sharing with you how to make a plan to vote in this upcoming election.  Get registered and vote early:  Video: @attnToday we remember the lives we lost on 9/11. Even the smallest act of service is a way to honor them. And just like Jay Winuk, we can honor their memories through service.The fires across the West Coast are just the latest examples of the very real ways our changing climate is changing our communities. Protecting our planet is on the ballot. Vote like your life depends on itbecause it does.Great to catch up with our next Vice President, @KamalaHarris. I wanted to make sure to share a few tips about serving alongside our friend @JoeBiden.This Labor Day, lets thank all those who've kept our country going this yearnurses, teachers, delivery drivers, food service workers, and many more. We can honor them by building our system back even betterso that essential workers are treated like it, pandemic or not.It might be Labor Day weekend, but lets all remember that we're still in the middle of a pandemic. Wear a mask, practice social distancing, and follow the experts. Itll save lives.The elections only two months from today. Americans all across the country are making their plans for how and when theyre voting this year, and I hope you are too. Get registered and make sure your friends, family, and neighbors do the same atRight now, far too many marginalized communities and people of color aren't being counted. The impact of this could be felt for decades in our communities. Make sure you and your neighbors get counted:Completing the Census is crucial because it will shape our communities for the next decade. Everything from critical funds and resources for health care, infrastructure, and education to political representation. Complete it now online, by phone, or mail:Joe and Kamala have what it takes to lead this country out of these dark times and build it back better. Join me in helping them get elected:.@JoeBiden is a man who learned to treat every person he meets with respect and dignity, living by the words his parents taught him: No ones better than you, Joe, but youre better than nobody. That empathy, that decency, the belief that everybody countsthats who Joe is.If you can volunteer as a poll worker for early voting and Election Day, I hope youll do it. You can help make sure this election runs fairly and safelyand thats one of the most crucial things any of us can do for our country right now. Sign up here:Chadwick came to the White House to work with kids when he was playing Jackie Robinson. You could tell right away that he was blessed. To be young, gifted, and Black; to use that power to give them heroes to look up to; to do it all while in pain what a use of his years.If youre looking to take actionor looking to educate yourselves on these issuesweve gathered some resources from the @ObamaFoundation that can helpAs people exercise their right to protest all across the countrylet the undeniable paths of our progress be a guide going forward: peaceful, sustained protest; strategic, committed organizing; and purposeful, overwhelming participation at the ballot box.I commend the players on the @Bucks for standing up for what they believe in, coaches like @DocRivers, and the @NBA and @WNBA for setting an example. Its going to take all our institutions to stand up for our values.Dont let them convince you that your vote doesnt matter. Make a plan to vote and register at Vote early if you can. Tell everyone you know to do the same.There's a reason some people are working to make it harder to vote, especially for people of color. Its because when we show up, things change.Ella Baker, a giant of the civil rights movement, embodies the idea of ordinary peoples ability to create change. She fought for the right to vote and led a movement of young people towards the fight for freedom. You should know her name:While other countries around the world have successfully managed this pandemic, we've seen things get worse. It's not too late for us to work towards recovery, but it's going to require leaders with coherent plans to move us forward.Tonight our next President @JoeBiden made the case for his vision for this country and his plan to get there. I'll be doing everything I can over these next 75 days to make sure we get it done. Join us:Do make a plan right now for how youre going to vote and vote early, by mail or in person:.@JoeBiden made me a better president. Im asking you to believe in his and Kamalas ability to help make us a better country. More importantly, Im asking you to believe in your own and to help them, in this election and beyond.Congrats, Joe. Im proud of you.The 19th amendment is the legacy of all those who marched and organized for transformational legislative change. Progress isnt about just politics or protestits about both. 100 years later, were all so much better off because of their commitment.This is the Joe I know.As Michelle said, weve got to do everything we can to elect @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris. So make sure you have a plan to vote. Vote early. And tell everybody you know to register to vote atOver the past few months, Ive spent a lot of time listening to music with my family. I wanted to share some of my favorites from the summerincluding songs from some of the artists at this weeks @DemConvention. Hope you enjoy it.If you're in a state where you have the option to vote early, do that now. The more votes in early, the less likely you're going to see a last minute crunch, both at polling places and in states where mail-in ballots are permitted. Then tell everyone you know.I talked to @davidplouffe about these attempts to undermine the election, whats at stake right now, and why we have to do everything we can to elect @JoeBiden and @KamalaHarris.Everyone depends on the USPS. Seniors for their Social Security, veterans for their prescriptions, small businesses trying to keep their doors open. They can't be collateral damage for an administration more concerned with suppressing the vote than suppressing a virus.Ive known Senator @KamalaHarris for a long time. She is more than prepared for the job. Shes spent her career defending our Constitution and fighting for folks who need a fair shake. This is a good day for our country. Now lets go win this thing.I will never forget the commitment to reconciliation and peace that I encountered in Hiroshima in 2016. The memory of August 6, 1945, must never fade; it allows us to fight complacency. It fuels our moral imagination. It allows us to change.We have to treat voting as the most important action we can take on behalf of democracy. So make sure you are registered to vote. Request a mail-in ballot early and send it back early. Then get your family and friends to do it, too. Every vote counts.Lets guarantee that every citizen has equal representation in our government. And end partisan gerrymandering, so that all voters have the power to choose their politicians. And if all this takes eliminating the filibustera Jim Crow relicthen thats what we should do.We can do this by making sure every American is automatically registered to vote, including formerly incarcerated people. Lets also make sure to add more polling places, expand early voting, and make Election Day a national holiday.We've got to fight harder to protect the right to vote. Its one of the most powerful tools we haveand we can start by passing the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. Once we pass that, we should continue marching forward to make it even better.Today is the 55th anniversary of the Voting Rights Actone of the crowning achievements of our democracy. But once the Supreme Court weakened it, some state legislatures unleashed a flood of laws designed specifically to make voting harder, especially in communities of color.Im proud to endorse this diverse and hopeful collection of thoughtful, empathetic, and highly qualified Democrats. If youre in one of their districts or states, make sure you vote for them this fall. And if you can, vote earlyby mail or in person.Welcome home, @AstroBehnken and @Astro_Doug! We launched the Commercial Crew program to strengthen our U.S. space program and it's been great to see its success. This historic NASA-SpaceX mission is a symbol of what American ingenuity and inventiveness can achieve.This pandemic is far from overand our medical professionals continue to put their lives on the line to keep our country going. @JoeBiden and I had a chance to thank Dr. @Craig_A_Spencer for his work during the Ebola crisis and this current pandemic.John believed that in all of us, there exists the capacity for great courage and a longing to do whats right. We are so lucky to have had him show us the way. I offered some thoughts today on his life and how, like him, we can give it all we have.John spent his entire life fighting for justice and equalityand now he has left behind his marching orders for all of us.Michelle and I have spent a lot of time together these past few months. Weve had a lot of good talksand this ones up there with the best. Take a listen to the very first episode of Michelles podcast:It's National Vote By Mail Day. Voting by mail is easy and safe. Take a few minutes to request your vote-by-mail ballot, then get your family and friends to do the same. Request your ballot early, send it back early, and fill it out carefully. Get started:We're 100 days away from Election Day and there is too much at stake to sit this one out. Now's a good time to make sure you're registered to voteand to make sure your friends and family are, too.To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, I got the chance to talk to the next generation of activists and advocates in the disability rights movementthey're continuing the work of the activists in @CripCampFilm and I couldn't be prouder of them.Although weve seen some positive findings recently about the possibilities of developing a vaccine for COVID-19, this article gives a good summary of why it may take months before any effective vaccine can be widely distributed.I sat down with @JoeBiden to talk about the most pressing issues of our time. He's exactly the leader we need right nowwith the vision, the plans, and character to move America forward. Let's get to work:Doesnt get much better than sitting down to talk with my friend Joe.Ten years ago, I signed Wall Street reform into law. It was the most sweeping set of financial regulations since the Great Depressionand its still working today to prevent another one. Now, its up to us to protect it and keep fighting for an economy that works for everybody.Not many of us get to live to see our own legacy play out in such a meaningful, remarkable way. John Lewis did:Some thoughts on the Reverend C.T. Vivian, a pioneer who pulled America closer to our founding ideals and a friend who I will miss greatly.Heres a quick look at how our response stacks up with countries around the world:The latest data offers a tragic reminder that the virus doesnt care about spin or ideologyand that the best thing we can do for our economy is to deal with our public health crisis.Get registered and find out how you can vote by mail atVoting by mail shouldn't be a partisan issueespecially during a pandemic. Everybody should be able to request an absentee ballot, and make their voice heard in every election.Its clear our communities are crying out for changeand what that change looks like is up to us. Thats why its important to take a hard look at all the perspectives and proposals out there, even the ones we disagree with. Its how well come up with solutions that last.Finally, heres a look at how Germany reshaped police training after the horrors of World War II and how this approach might be useful to other countries today.And heres a counterbalance that argues for substantial reforms to policing and oversight but not fewer police.Heres a piece that outlines the need for a more aggressive overhaul of policing.As communities around the country try to reimagine how law enforcement can operate in a just, effective and non-discriminatory way, these articles provide some useful background and differing viewpoints on the issue.For too long, gerrymandering has contributed to stalled progress and warped our representative government. Redistricting begins next yearlets all do our part to protect and restore our democracy. Join me and @allontheline in the fight for fair maps:Our founding promise has never been guaranteed. Each generation has been called to bring us a little closer to our highest idealsand historys calling on us right now. So lets all do whatever we can to help @JoeBiden expand that promise to all Americans.This holiday weekend, lets be safe and smart. Its going to take all of us to beat this virus. So wear a mask. Wash your hands. And listen to the experts, not the folks trying to divide us. That's the only way well do thistogether.Today Im tipping my hat to all the giants in the Negro Leagues, from Satchel Paige to Toni Stone and so many others. Their brave example, first set 100 years ago, changed Americas pastime for the betteropening it up for new generations of players and fans alike.Jims courage and persistence helped change America for the better. And so did every American who marched, organized, stood up, came outor changed their own heart because they love someone who did. Happy anniversary, everybody.Michelle and I want every kid in Chicago to grow up knowing even better opportunities than we had. Were happy to help Chicago Connected reach every kid in the city. This is where I found a purpose and a familyand itll always be our home.Im joining my friend @JoeBiden tomorrow to talk about everything thats at stake in this election.  I hope youll join us, too. This is a critical moment in our historyand all of us have to do our part to build this country into what we know it can be.Juneteenth has never been a celebration of victory, or an acceptance of the way things are. It's a celebration of progress. It's an affirmation that despite the most painful parts of our history, change is possibleand there is still so much work to do....and now to stand up for those ideals, we have to move forward and elect @JoeBiden and a Democratic Congress that does its job, protects DREAMers, and finally creates a system thats truly worthy of this nation of immigrants once and for all.Eight years ago this week, we protected young people who were raised as part of our American family from deportation. Today, I'm happy for them, their families, and all of us. We may look different and come from everywhere, but what makes us American are our shared idealsAnd here are two more essays that powerfully express the hope, heart, grief, and rage that are driving this moment of potential change.  Racism Is Terrible. Blackness Is Not:  The Trayvon Generation:These Nashville teenagers are representative of the remarkable leadership were seeing from young people across the country and around the world.Today reminds us that progress might be slow. It might take decades. But no matter what things might look like today, its always possible. Happy Pride month, everybody.This young generation makes me optimistic about our future. By protesting, theyre speaking up and shining a light on injusticeand one way we can support them is to vote for people wholl change the laws on every level.In Columbia, Maryland, young people wielded social media to connect across boundaries, amplify voices, and enact some real change.This group of Nashville teens led a peaceful march with tens of thousands of people in their community.Over the past few weeks, weve seen young people in every corner of the country step up and become leaders. Through organization and mobilization, theyre showing us how we can sustain this momentum to bring about real change.Its too early to tell if its permanent, but the changes brought on by COVID-19 are forcing many of us to reflect on what really matters in our lives.As has always been true at key moments in history, its going to depend on young people to go out there and rewrite what is possible. I couldnt be prouder of all the young people leading that change right now. Heres my advice for the Class of 2020:Weve seen the power that our voices have when we speak out about injusticebut we also know the toll that it takes on our mental health. Today, I talked to @repjohnlewis, Bryan Stevenson, and @MBK_Alliance activists about ways to keep our mental health a priority at this time.On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we #WearOrange to honor the victims and survivors of gun violencewhich continues to disproportionately harm Black communities. Then keep speaking up, voting, and changing laws across the country.Third, every city in this country should be a @MBK_Alliance community. We have 250 cities, counties, and tribal nations working to reduce barriers and expand opportunity for boys and young men of color. Join us:Second, every mayor should review their use of force policies with members of their community and commit to report on planned reforms. We need mayors, county executives, and those in positions of power to make this a priority. Take the pledge:First, there are specific evidence-based reforms that would build trust, save lives, and lead to a decrease in crime, too. You can find clear, actionable recommendations right here:Real change requires protest to highlight a problem, and politics to implement practical solutions and laws. As I mentioned yesterday in our @MBK_Alliance town hall, there are several steps our mayors and elected officials can take right now:In our @MBK_Alliance town hall yesterday, I mentioned James Baldwin's The Fire Next Time. From 1962, it remains a seminal meditation on race by one of our greatest writers and relevant for understanding the pain and anger behind the protests. Excerpt:And third, an extraordinary essay by the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the U.S. Armed Forces, Mike Mullen, explaining the values at risk when we start using our military to control domestic protests.Second, a reminder of the difference politics and voting can make in changing who has the power to make real change in a community like Ferguson with a history of blatant discriminatory law enforcement practices.Heres a useful reada reminder of the importance of de-escalation by police in their interactions with protestors."Lets do this another way. Let's stop thinking our voice dont matter and vote. Not just for the president...educate yourself and know who youre voting for. And thats how we're going to hit 'em."Lets get to work.I know the past few months have been hard and dispiriting. But watching the heightened activism of young people makes me hopeful. And if we can keep channeling our justifiable anger into peaceful, sustained, and effective action, this can be the moment when real change starts.If you want to take concrete action, but youre not sure how, weve created a site to connect you with useful resources and organizations whove been fighting the good fight at the local and national levels for years.5. The more specific we can make demands for criminal justice and police reform, the harder it will be for elected officials to just offer lip service to the cause and then fall back into business as usual once protests have gone away.4. So if we want to bring about real change, the choice isnt between protest and politicswe have to do both. We have to mobilize to raise awareness, and we have to organize and cast our ballots to make sure that we elect candidates who will act on reform.3. To do that, we have to know which levels of government have the biggest impact. Changing the federal government is important. But the elected officials who matter most in reforming police departments and the criminal justice system work at the state and local levels.2. The point of protest is to raise public awareness, to put a spotlight on injustice, and to make the powers that be uncomfortable. But eventually, we have to translate those aspirations into specific laws and institutional practices.1. The protests represent a genuine and legitimate frustration over a decades-long failure to reform police practices and the broader criminal justice system. We should condemn the few who resort to violencenot the overwhelming majority who deserve our respect and support.Ultimately, its going to be up to a new generation of activists to shape strategies that best fit the times. But I want to highlight some basic lessons from past efforts that are worth remembering:As millions of people across the country take to the streets and raise their voices in response to the killing of George Floyd and the ongoing problem of unequal justice, Ive heard many ask how we can sustain momentum to bring about real change.I wrote out some thoughts on how to make this moment a real turning point to bring about real changeand pulled together some resources to help young activists sustain the momentum by channeling their energy into concrete action.My statement on the death of George Floyd:If you believe in a more just, more generous, more democratic America, now is the time to fight for it. Heres a terrific way to register voters, organize communities, and ramp up turnout in the battleground states that will decide this election:On Memorial Day, we honor those who gave all for us. That takes different forms this year, but its even more vital with the loss of so many veterans to COVID-19. The way they lived, in service to one another, should be our roadmap in the months ahead.And heres more on the approach Sweden has taken, which differs from some of its neighbors:South Korea has focused on testing to guard against outbreaks:As all 50 states begin the process of reopening, here are three articles that offer some lessons from other countries about the tradeoffs and policies involved. First, heres what European nations have done to support workers:The Class of 2020 is full of the leaders we need to bend the arc of history toward a better futureand our HBCU grads have the talent, skills, and vision to lead that change. I couldn't be prouder of all of you.As Chicago navigates the health crisis, its residents continue to show up for one another in their communities. Its one of the things I love most about the cityand one of the many reasons its such a good home for the @ObamaFoundation.Congrats to the high school Class of 2020, as well as to the teachers, coaches, and most of all, parents and family whove guided you along the way. Thanks for letting me be part of your big day!Congratulations to the HBCU Class of 2020! Michelle and I are so proud of you. As you set out to change the world, well be the wind at your back. Cant wait to see what you achieve.Graduating is a big achievement no matter what, but with all that the Class of 2020 has dealt with to get across the finish line, I think theyve earned a little celebration. I hope youll all join me in honoring them at 2PM ET and 8PM ET.Vote.Michelle and I want to do our part to give all you parents a break today, so were reading The Word Collector for @chipublib. Its a fun book that vividly illustrates the transformative power of wordsand we hope you enjoy it as much as we did.Despite all the time thats been lost, we can still make real progress against the virus, protect people from the economic fallout, and more safely approach something closer to normal if we start making better policy decisions now.Change comes when all of us step up and play our part in this democracy. By encouraging our young people, like these students from @ChiPubSchools, to start engaging in our civic life today, were already creating something better for tomorrow.Even if you cant give the moms in your life a hug today, I hope you can give them an extra thank you today. Thank you and Happy Mothers Day to the woman who makes it all possible. Love you, @michelleobama.Theres no limit to the devotion Ive seen in teachers like these @ChiPubSchools educators. Their dedication shapes the best parts of who we become. I couldnt be more thankful for their work, especially as they shift lessons online to keep students on track during this crisis.Ive always loved joining commencementsthe culmination of years of hard work and sacrifice. Even if we cant get together in person this year, Michelle and I are excited to celebrate the nationwide Class of 2020 and recognize this milestone with you and your loved ones.The folks of the Chicago @fooddepositoryand food banks in communities like yoursare working overtime to feed the vulnerable and families whove fallen on hard times. But even as demand has spiked, donations have slowed. Their incredible efforts are worth supporting if you can.The pandemic has magnified the financial insecurity of too many American families, the deep and real racial disparities in our society and the imbalanced burdens on working moms. We have to create something better for America on the other side of this.In moments of crisis, we look out for one other. And we need leaders with empathy who will bring people together rather than drive them apart. @JoeBiden has the character and experience to guide us through one of our darkest times and heal us through a long recovery.This pandemic has painfully brought to the surface many of the reasons I launched @MBK_Alliancestructural racism robs too many of our kids of their futures. The leaders on today's call aren't just tackling this crisis; theyre helping us build a more equitable future for all.If we want life to approach anything like normal anytime soon, we need a comprehensive testing program. Its not going to be cheap, but it will ultimately pay off many times over in saved lives, saved businesses, and saved jobs.While we continue to wait for a coherent national plan to navigate this pandemic, states like Massachusetts are beginning to adopt their own public health plans to combat this virusbefore it's too late.We've all had to adapt to cope with a pandemic. Climate change will force far harsher changes on our kids. All of us should follow the young people who've led the efforts to protect our planet for generations, and demand more of our leaders at every level.Parents, you deserve a break Michelles got storytime handled every Monday. Shes one of the best, I promise. (And I confess it makes me a little nostalgic.)Proud of the leaders in my hometown of Chicago who are showing us what it means to be there for each otheras neighbors and as citizens.When I think of people Ive counted on over the years, Sarah Hurwitz comes to mind. She's the talented author of @HereAllAlong, and a longtime member of my team. Here she shares her experience with faith, traditions, and staying connected during this time.Democracy depends on an informed citizenry and social cohesion. Heres a look at how misinformation can spread through social media, and why it can hurt our ability to respond to crises.For all of us who love this country and are willing to do our part to make sure it lives up to its highest ideals nows the time to fight for what we believe in. Join us at And Ill see you on the campaign trail as soon as I can.Im proud to endorse my friend @JoeBiden for President of the United States. Let's go:Dreamers have contributed so much to our country, and they are risking their lives fighting on the frontlines of this pandemic. They deserve permanent immigration status and a pathway to citizenshipas they are Americans in every way but on paper.We can't deny that racial and socioeconomic factors are playing a role in who is being hit the hardest by the virus. It's a reminder for our policymakers to keep our most vulnerable communities at the forefront when making decisions.Although our celebrations may look different this year, our unwavering faith remains the same. For me, Easter is a time of hopea reminder of rebirth and renewaland a belief in a better day to come. From my family to yours, we wish you all a blessed and joyful Easter.Lets not use the tragedy of a pandemic to compromise our democracy. Check the facts of vote by mail.Everyone should have the right to vote safely, and we have the power to make that happen. This shouldn't be a partisan issue.No one should be forced to choose between their right to vote and their right to stay healthy like the debacle in Wisconsin this week.Some good news: states that started social distancing early and aggressively, like California, have avoided overwhelmed health care systems. Its critical that we continue to listen to the evidence and experts and practice social distancing.Mayors have been working hard to help us get through this pandemic, and theyll have just as big a task to help people through hard times ahead. I spent some time with many of them today to thank them for their efforts, and asked them to keep up the good work.Through centuries of persecution, exile and struggle, the story of Passover has reminded the Jewish peopleand all of humanityof the power to overcome even the greatest of odds. Michelle and I send our warmest wishes to those celebrating with loved ones at home or virtually.Social distancing bends the curve and relieves some pressure on our heroic medical professionals. But in order to shift off current policies, the key will be a robust system of testing and monitoring something we have yet to put in place nationwide.My advisor and friend @cecmunoz has been someone Ive turned to for years. In her new book, More Than Ready, she shares her story and an empowering message to women, especially women of color, that they are the leaders we need to make a change in our world.Its World Health Day, and we owe a profound debt of gratitude to all our medical professionals. Theyre still giving their all for us every day, at great risk to themselves, and we cant thank them enough for their bravery and their service.Bill Withers was a true American master. His music, rooted in the everyday joys and sorrows of working people, was soulful, wise and life-affirminga perfect tonic for hard times.As she often does, @SenWarren provides a cogent summary of how federal policymakers should be thinking about the pandemic in the coming months.It's Census Day and we all have a crucial role to play. Filling out the 2020 Census determines what the next decade will look like for your community: your roads, health care, schools, representation and more. Takes a few minutes by mail, phone or online.We've seen all too terribly the consequences of those who denied warnings of a pandemic. We can't afford any more consequences of climate denial. All of us, especially young people, have to demand better of our government at every level and vote this fall.So many Americans right now are stepping up to help their communities. Zohaib Begg, a 7-year-old from VA, is one of them. This inspiring kid has been gathering supplies from hotels to donate to the medical professionals at his local hospital.We are grateful for what he did for this country. He carried the baton longer and surer than almost anybody. It falls to the rest of us now to pick it up and never stop moving forward until we finish what he startedthat journey to justice.What a joy it was to watch him pray and preach. I took heart in him saying, We aint going back. Weve come too far, marched too long, prayed too hard, wept too bitterly, bled too profusely, and died too young to let anybody turn back the clock on our journey to justice.Rev. Joseph Lowery was a giant who let so many of us stand on his shoulders. With boundless generosity, patience, and moral courage, he encouraged a new generation of activists and leaders. Michelle and I remember him fondly today, and our love and prayers are with his family.During this crisis, our grocery store clerks, delivery drivers, transit and utility workersalong with so many othershave been selflessly getting up every day to make sure we have the things we need. And for that, we say thank you.And this article provides a great example of the kind of community spirit that we need to get through thisa spirit that we can hopefully learn to instill more of into our lives, workplaces, civic institutions, and government once the crisis has passed.Heres a useful overview of the likely scenarios that the world will be facing in the coming months while managing this pandemic. So much depends on our ability to make good decisions going forward along with our ability to remain resilient.These are the burdens our medical heroes already face in NYC. It's only going to get harder across the country. Another reason to maintain social distancing policies at least until we have comprehensive testing in place. Not just for our sakefor theirs.Our medical professionals are heroes putting their lives on the line to keep our country going. Here's a look at how an ER doctor who already fought on the front lines of one crisis makes it through a day in this one. A good reminder for us to help them out by staying home.Heres a useful summary of the current best thinking among public health experts on how we need to approach the fight against COVID-19 in the coming weeks.Ten years ago today, I signed the Affordable Care Act into law. It protected preexisting conditions, cut the uninsured rate in half, and lots more. But it's still under political attack right when we need care the most. We have to protect it, build on it, until we cover everyone.Sometimes it takes the wisdom and resilience of those who have been marginalized for all of us to remember the importance of community and mutual aid.And @cripchick, a disabled activist, understands what its like for people with particular vulnerabilities to come together for support:.@sullydish witnessed the impact of HIV-AIDS on the LGBT community in the early stages of that devastating disease:Here are a few stories that have less to do with the very real medical or economic aspects of this crisis, and more with how we take care of each other as a human family during all crises:The best part of my job was meeting people like thisready to make a selfless act in a time of need. Many Americans are already making deep sacrifices to keep our communities healthy, but if youre able to, consider helping those hit the hardest..@rgay and @SheaSerrano are using their feeds to directly support people in needand helping shift our ideas about how to approach giving.In my old neighborhood, the @BSAllianceChi established a crisis pantry to provide food and essential items for particularly vulnerable queer and trans residents on the South and West sides of Chicago..@ObamaFoundation Fellow @alexsmith1982 is helping seniors fight loneliness in the UK through a mix of new and old technology: online chats through Zoom and Skype, and postcards and poems shared by younger neighbors.Some great stories of big-hearted people coming up with new ways to come togethereven while remaining apartto help the vulnerable who face some very tough times ahead.In the meantime, remember to check up by phone on elderly or vulnerable friends and neighbors who may need our help.As communities have begun to recognize the importance of social distancing measures to flatten the curve on COVID-19 transmission, heres a sober but useful primer on what we should expect in the coming months:We owe a profound debt of gratitude to all our health professionals and everybody wholl be on the front lines of this pandemic for a long while. Theyre giving everything. May we all model our own behavior on their selflessness and sacrifice as we help each other through this.Not everybody can stay home, and we owe a big debt of gratitude to health professionals, transit and airport workers, first responders, and everyone keeping our communities going. Leaders have to step up to support people whose lives and livelihoods take a hit in the weeks ahead.Watch this. It shows why we should all do the right thing and stay home to the fullest extent possible. All of us can help slow the spread of the virus, protecting the elderly, the vulnerable, and each other.A shout out to Kevin, Giannis, Zion, Blake, Steph and all the players, owners and organizations who are setting a good example during a challenging time. A reminder that were a community, and that each of us has an obligation to look out for each other.If youre wondering whether its an overreaction to cancel large gatherings and public events (and I love basketball), heres a useful primer as to why these measures can slow the spread of the virus and save lives. We have to look out for each other.In the midst of campaign season, its important to look squarely at whats at stake. This article speaks to one of the disturbing long term trends that we as voters and citizens need to expect our government to address.55 years ago, when a group of civil rights organizers crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they carried America with them. Today, let's honor that legacy by continuing their work to protect and exercise our foundational right to vote.Protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions: wash your hands, stay home when sick and listen to the @CDCgov and local health authorities. Save the masks for health care workers. Lets stay calm, listen to the experts, and follow the science.Michelle and I are sending our prayers to those affected by the severe storms in Tennessee, especially to those who lost loved ones. Our hearts are with you and the first responders working so diligently to protect the vibrant communities of Nashville.America needs you as states prepare for the next round of redistricting. It's up to all of us to make sure we have a fair democracy. Join me in the fight for fair maps.  Join me and @allontheline today:Shirley Chisholm said "You don't make progress by standing on the sidelines, whimpering and complaining. You make progress by implementing ideas."  All across this country, right now, people are coming together to create extraordinary change.After a lifetime of reaching for the stars, today, Katherine Johnson landed among them. She spent decades as a hidden figure, breaking barriers behind the scenes. But by the end of her life, she had become a hero to millionsincluding Michelle and me.Happy birthday to one of my heroes someone who believed our right to vote was more important than his own life. Thanks for making good trouble for 80 years, @repjohnlewis.Here are a couple of articles that are worth reading from housing to health, these stories use data to explore challenges we face and demonstrate how policy solutions along with civic engagement can make a real difference in peoples lives.Eleven years ago today, near the bottom of the worst recession in generations, I signed the Recovery Act, paving the way for more than a decade of economic growth and the longest streak of job creation in American history.Happy Valentines Day to my forever dance partner, @MichelleObama.What a great example of citizenship, what each of us can do to make a difference for all of us:Even if the methods are new, sowing the seeds of doubt, division, and discord to turn Americans against each other is an old trick. The antidote is citizenship: to get engaged, organized, mobilized, and to vote - on every level, in every election.Thirty years on, I remember the hope we all felt watching Mandelas release from prison. The gift of a new way of seeing. The chance to participate in the work of building a better world. The ultimate example of perseverance and faith for each new generation to follow.Congrats to Julia and Steven, the filmmakers behind American Factory, for telling such a complex, moving story about the very human consequences of wrenching economic change. Glad to see two talented and downright good people take home the Oscar for Higher Grounds first release.Sixty years ago today, the Greensboro Four stood up to injustice by sitting down at a lunch counter. Our journey is full of such stories; of acts of patriotic protest that challenge this country we love to live up to our highest ideals, however long it takes. #BlackHistoryMonthKobe was a legend on the court and just getting started in what would have been just as meaningful a second act. To lose Gianna is even more heartbreaking to us as parents. Michelle and I send love and prayers to Vanessa and the entire Bryant family on an unthinkable day.Every so often, I re-read Dr. Kings Letter from a Birmingham Jail. While some of the injustices may have changed, his poetic brilliance, moral clarity, and tests of conscience still reverberate today. Take a moment to reflect on his righteous call:In every scene, you are my star, @MichelleObama! Happy birthday, baby!Glad to see American Factorys Oscar nod for Best Documentary. Its the kind of story we dont see often enough and its exactly what Michelle and I hope to achieve with Higher Ground. Congrats to the incredible filmmakers and entire team!Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico can use our support after this weeks earthquakes. Theyve shown their enduring spirit over the past couple years, and its up to us to pull together for one another once again. I hope youll support their recovery:Heres the thing: Even with problems of this magnitude, each of us can still find a way to make change. Thats why Im proud of young people like Alice Mahar, a environmental activist in Melbourne. Read about her and find ways you can help, too:The catastrophic fires in Australia are the latest example of the very real and very urgent consequences of climate change. Its on us to stay focused and protect the one planet weve got for the next generation:With David Sterns passing, Im reflecting on everything he did to take the NBA global, creating entire new generations of fans pretending to be like Mike or any of their favorite players on driveways and playgrounds around the world.Heres to a happy, healthy, and hopeful 2020. Happy New Year, everybody!From hip-hop to country to The Boss, here are my songs of the year. If youre looking for something to keep you company on a long drive or help you turn up a workout, I hope theres a track or two in here that does the trick.If theres one thing I love about @RepJohnLewis, its his incomparable will to fight. I know hes got a lot more of that left in him. Praying for you, my friend.Next up are my favorite movies and TV shows of 2019. Of course, theres also American Factory, a film from our own production company, Higher Ground, that was recently shortlisted for an Oscar. Heres the full list:As we wind down 2019, I wanted to share with you my annual list of favorites that made the last year a little brighter. Well start with books today movies and music coming soon. I hope you enjoy these as much as I did.From the Obama family to yours, Merry Christmas!On behalf of my family, Chag Sameach and Happy Hanukkah! As Jews around the world celebrate, let the menorahs light remind us all of the miracles in our own lives.2019 was full of moments that show humanity at its bestcompassionate, entrepreneurial, determined. And yes, hopeful. Take a look to see for yourself.You can get the zen garden next week, but tomorrow is the last day to sign up for health coverage at This year, most current customers can find an insurance plan with a monthly premium of $10 or less. Get covered today!It was remarkable to be back in the Asia-Pacific region with my sister this week, joined by hundreds of talented and optimistic @ObamaFoundation leaders. Theyre making their mark on this regionand the whole worldand that's good for all of us.My sister Maya and I are about to take the stage at @ObamaFoundation Leaders: Asia-Pacific. We'll be talking about how growing up in this region made us who we areand the opportunity today's young people have to shape the future. I hope you'll tune in atI thought it was about time I share my holiday gift list a few practical items, all $10 or less. The best one? Health care for you or somebody you care about. The deadline to sign up is December 15. Go to and get covered.In Vietnam I had the chance to sit down with some of our @ObamaFoundation leaders and alumni from across the Asia Pacific. From combating climate change in Vietnam to evaluating social impact in Indonesia, they're doing extraordinary work and expanding their impact together.Because of Paul Volcker, our financial system is stronger and safer for the American people. Ill remember Paul for his consummate wisdom, untethered honesty, and a level of dignity that matched his towering stature. Im proud to have called him not just an adviser, but a friend.Today, we give thanks for our blessings, give back to those around us, and enjoy some time and turkey, and maybe a little football with the ones we love. From the Obama family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.Before arguing with friends or family around the Thanksgiving table, take a look at the science behind arguing better. And it'll never hurt to try this: "Listen to people, get them to think about their own experience, and highlight your common humanity."Politicians shouldnt be picking their voters. Voters should be picking their representatives. But unless we act, the status quo will remain in states all across the country. Let's make sure maps are drawn fairly when redistricting happens again in 2021:Take a look at this piece to understand the very real consequences of gerrymandering. In Asheville, NC, we see what happens when district lines are drawn for maximum partisan advantage: It mean citizens voices are diminished. It means more polarization.Young leaders like these are powering the promise of the Asia Pacific region. Michelle and I couldnt be more impressed by their initiative. Cant wait to join them in Malaysia next month.Proud to see Oluwaseun @AyodejiOsowobi in this list. Shes an @ObamaFoundation Leader whos organizing young people in Nigeria to help end sexual violence, and her work embodies what our foundation is all about: passing the baton to the next generation.Stories like this are a reminder of our duty, as a country and as Americans, to support every veterannot only in words, but in deed. To every veteran out there, thank you. Were forever in your debt.This Veterans Day, heres a moving portrait of the extraordinary resilience of my friend Cory Remsburg, an Army Ranger Ive come to know over the years. Its an honest tribute to all those wounded warriors and their families who give so much to our countryNo one says it better than @MichelleObama the Obama Presidential Center coming to the South Side isn't for us, it's for the community and the next generation of leaders.Proud of all the Americans who showed up to vote yesterday, electing a set of hopeful, forward-thinking leaders primed to protect Medicaid, draw fair voting maps, and reduce gun violence. A great night for our countryone thatll leave a lasting legacy.Proud to endorse an outstanding group of Virginia Democrats in Tuesdays electioncandidates wholl not only advance the causes of equality, justice, and decency, but help ensure that the next decade of voting maps are drawn fairly. Thats good policyand good for our politics.Todays the first day of open enrollment on and high-quality coverage might be more affordable than you think. Nearly 9 in 10 customers qualify for financial helpso if you or someone you know needs insurance, #GetCovered today.Congrats to the World Champion @Nationals and their fans! A great group that always showed up when it counted and was never afraid to show a little joy: dancing in the dugout, laughing, believing, and always sticking together. A true team with a spirit thatd do us all well.Glad to be back in Chicago for the @ObamaFoundation Summit. Its where I first learned to organizeand where I met @MichelleObama. We all have places that define us, and at the Summit, well be exploring the meaning behind themtune in tomorrow at.@SamanthaJPower is a Pulitzer winner, an incredible writer, and a great friend. Her memoir, The Education of an Idealist, grapples with the balance between idealism, pragmatism, advocacy, and governance. It's a must-read for anyone who cares about our role in a changing world.Michelle and I are heartbroken over the passing of our friend, Elijah Cummings. May his example inspire more Americans to pick up the baton and carry it forward in a manner worthy of his service.I was proud to work with Justin Trudeau as President. He's a hard-working, effective leader who takes on big issues like climate change. The world needs his progressive leadership now, and I hope our neighbors to the north support him for another term.In December, Michelle and I will head to Malaysia for the first @ObamaFoundation Leaders: Asia-Pacific gathering. The region plays an important role in my own story, and today, its home to a generation of rising leaders ready to create a better world. We cant wait to join them.Yesterday, marathoner Eliud Kipchoge became the first ever to break two hours. Today in Chicago, Brigid Kosgei set a new womens world record. Staggering achievements on their own, theyre also remarkable examples of humanitys ability to endureand keep raising the bar.Congrats to the @WashMystics on a gutsy, first-ever championship! A great team performance when it counted. If folks arent careful, this title thing might become a habit in DC.Heres an interesting reada reminder that behind every opinion lies a human being with real experiences and a story to tell. Sometimes well agree and sometimes we wont, but if we want our democracy work, listening to each other isnt optional.As President, I leaned on @AmbassadorRices experience, expertise, and willingness to tell me what I needed to hear. In her memoir, Tough Love, youll see why. Its a tribute to American leadershipand a unifying call for us to do our part to protect it. I hope youll read it.Like the Beatles said: Its getting better all the time. Thanks, babe, for 27 amazing years!On National Voter Registration Day, its up to us as citizens to make sure everyone we know can make their voices heard at the ballot box. Check and update your registration at  and tell your friends, too.One challenge will define the future for todays young generation more dramatically than any other: Climate change. The millions of young people worldwide whove organized and joined todays #ClimateStrike demand action to protect our planet, and they deserve it.Just 16, @GretaThunberg is already one of our planets greatest advocates. Recognizing that her generation will bear the brunt of climate change, shes unafraid to push for real action. She embodies our vision at the @ObamaFoundation: A future shaped by young leaders like her.Thats what Americans do when others are in need we help. We give. We inspire. Want to make a difference? There are a number of ways you can help right here:Jermaine Bell is just six years old, but when he saw people in need, he took the money hed been saving for a trip to Disney World and spent it on food and water for South Carolina evacuees.Bahamian families and communities face a long recovery from Hurricane Dorian. And Americans are reaching out to help. Brittany Garvin is helping people reunite and evacuate.As we remember those we lost on 9/11, we also remember the spirit of unity and togetherness that defined the weeks and months after. On this day of service, Im reflecting on all those still working to embrace that spirit, today and every day.Marca had a remarkable way of bringing out the best within us. For me, she was a trusted voice and a persistent, buoyant spiritan example that progress can be slow, but its always possible. Well miss her, but were far better off because of her fight.Yesterdays ruling is a big win for North Carolinaand for all of us. Voters should choose their representatives, not the other way around. This win is proof that change is always within our reach, on gerrymandering, voting rights, and much more.Saw this story of a young person doing great work and wanted to share itkeep it up, David! Thats some creative organizing.Training is at the heart of organizing. Its why Ive always made it a priority from my 2008 campaign until now. And its why Im proud to announce @allonthelines in-person training initiative, Redistricting U. Join us:With summer winding down, heres a sampling of what Michelle and I have been listening to some new, some old, some fast, some slow. Hope you enjoy.A good story gives you the chance to better understand someone elses life. It can help you find common ground. And its why Michelle and I were drawn to Higher Grounds first film, American Factory. Take a look at our conversation with the directors, and check it out on Netflix.Toni Morrison was a national treasure, as good a storyteller, as captivating, in person as she was on the page. Her writing was a beautiful, meaningful challenge to our conscience and our moral imagination. What a gift to breathe the same air as her, if only for a while.Until all of us stand up and insist on holding public officials accountable for changing our gun laws, these tragedies will keep happening:The families of our wounded warriors don't often get a lot of fanfare, but they're serving and sacrificing right alongside their loved ones. We all owe a debt to them, too, and Fisher House is always making sure we're serving those who serve us.Recent court decisions make it clear that the change we need to restore our democracy has to come from the ground up. @Allonthelines work to ensure an accurate census count and achieve fair maps in 2021 has never been more important. Join us today:Heres a worthwhile Sunday read: nothing should temper partisanship more than an awareness that somewhere, on some issue, people with whom you disagree are telling a story that you really need to hear.Ive always been proud of what this team accomplished during my administration. But more than what we did, Im proud of how theyre continuing to fight for an America thats better.Economist Raj Chetty is not only identifying the decline in opportunity weve seen in recent decadesbut trying to reverse it. Inequality, like many problems we face, is as vast as it is complex. But this article left me a little more hopeful:Here are a couple of articles backed by new research that are worth taking a look at: A new study on the Medicaid expansion my administration fought for under the Affordable Care Actand how these policy decisions affect lives in real terms:In America, we dont fear the future, we embrace it. 50 years ago, that spirit took us to the moon. Today, its embodied by people like Tiffany Davis. Shes a young rocket scientist who is helping us explore the next frontier, wherever that might take us.#MandelaDay reminds us that when things feel dark, confusing, or impossibletake a look back at his writings. There, we see how a belief in the dignity of every person can be made real, an unwavering hope to steel us along our own long walks toward something better.I have a good feeling about these Chicago @UrbanAlliance interns. Thanks for letting me spend yesterday afternoon with youyoure going to go on to do incredible things and make many people proud. In fact, you already have.The @ObamaFoundation is helping a new generation of leaders make their mark, and theres an extraordinary group gathering this week for Obama Leaders: Africa. Their work will help unlock the incredible promise of the continentand make the world better for all of us.Proud to rep Americas best team! Congrats @USWNT and thanks for being such a strong inspiration for women and girlsand everybodyall across the country.Yes! Fourth star. Back to back. Congrats to the record breakers on the @USWNT, an incredible team thats always pushing themselvesand the rest of usto be even better. Love this team. #OneNationOneTeamHappy Fourth of July, everybody! This is always a great day in the Obama family: a chance to celebrate Americaand Malias birthday, too. Hope all of you are able to get some time with friends, family, and fireworks.Im admittedly biased, but this article gibes with my experience about what all of us might take away from the aloha spirit.Congrats to the USWNT! A great performance from a great teamlooking forward to Sunday. #OneNationOneTeamNo one changes the world alone. Thats why the @ObamaFoundation is connecting emerging leaders from South Africa to Singapore to the South Side of Chicagoso they can change the world together. Read my reflection on our second year:The most important job in our democracy is citizen. If youre tired of politicians manipulating maps and ignoring the will of voters, I hope youll sign @allonthelines Citizen Commitment today:50 years ago, history was written at the Stonewall Inn when New York's LGBT community stood up, spoke out, and started a movement. In 2016 I was proud to designate it as a national monumenta reminder the arc of our history is an arc of progress as long as we keep pushing for it.What a gift to come across this interview with Julia Hurricane Hawkins. Im as grateful for her life advice as I am impressed by her 100-meter dash time.Now were talking! Congrats to Team USA for moving on, and thanks for continuing to make us all proud. #USAOn Juneteenth, we celebrate our capacity to make real the promise of our founding, that thing inside each of us that says America is not yet finished, that compels all of us to fight for justice and equality until this country we love more closely aligns with our highest ideals.Outside the Oval Office, I kept a painting of a small crowd huddled around a pocketwatch, waiting for the moment the Emancipation Proclamation took effect. On Juneteenth, we celebrate the anniversary of that news - freedom - reaching slaves in Texas. And something more:This is worth a read: a thought-provoking reminder that education reform isnt a cure-all. As a supporter of education reform, I agree that fixing educational inequality requires doing more to address the broader, systemic sources of economic inequality.Yes we can, Greta. Im hopeful because of you and all the young people who are fighting to protect the planet. Keep at it.Happy Fathers Day to Charles, one of our @ObamaFoundation Fellows, and all the dads at Fathers Uplift. Today, were celebrating fathers like these who provide a powerful examplenot only for their kids, but for the rest of us, too.The @USWNT is something to smile about. It was great to celebrate with them back in 2015 and I'm excited to root them on in their drive to earn their fourth star. Best of luck to these champions for equality, on and off the field. #OneNationOneTeamSix years ago, David Ortiz's spirit and resolve helped us all begin to heal from the Boston Marathon bombing. Today, I want to join many others in wishing him a speedy recovery of his own. Get well soon, Papi.Last week, it was Virginia Beach. But day after day and year after year, too many families and communities are shattered by senseless gun violence. We can't get numb to this. On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, pledge to speak out, #WearOrange and vote to protect lives.You've got a lot to be proud of, Jiwandeep. Thanks for everything you do to make this country a little more equal. Turban looks great, by the way. Happy Pride Month, everybody!What a life. American history has always been driven by visionaries like Leah Chaseand all the men and women who worked and ate at Dooky Chases over the yearsfolks who serve up progress one bowl of gumbo at a time.A story worth sharing: Twelve years ago, Brian joined my first presidential campaign. Two years ago, he was diagnosed with ALS and launched @iamalsorg to find a cure. Brian and Sandra wake up every day believing that we can win this fightand that makes me hopeful, too.Exciting to see the faces of Colombia's future at an @ObamaFoundation roundtable with young leaders in Bogot. Their creativity, their compassion, and their drive to improve their country are promising signs of what's to come.On Memorial Day, we remember all those who gave everything for something greater than themselves. It's up to us to not simply reflect on their sacrifice but to honor it with service of our ownand by living out the values they fought for.Great to get out there and take a few cuts at the plate yesterdayI had a blast with all these extraordinary young people. Thanks for letting me drop in and thanks to the Nationals Youth Academy for the outstanding work you do to support youth in DC.Heres a great story: While weve still got a lot of work to do to make college affordable for everyone, that didnt stop Robert F. Smith from seizing an opportunity to make a difference. Hes erasing the student loan debt for this years @Morehouse grads.Happy Mother's Day to the most caring, brilliant, funny, and grounded woman I knowa perfect role model not just for our daughters, but so many others. Love you, @MichelleObama.As part of the @ObamaFoundation, moms like Dr. Mwansa Ketty Lubeya are answering the call for changeand raising the next generation of leaders while theyre at it.Happy #CollegeSigningDay, everybody! I'm proud of every student out there who's taking the next step in their education. It's the best thing you can do for yourself and your future.Condolences to the family of John Singleton. His seminal work, Boyz n the Hood, remains one of the most searing, loving portrayals of the challenges facing inner-city youth. He opened doors for filmmakers of color to tell powerful stories that have been too often ignored.Congratulations to the new class of @ObamaFoundation Fellows! Their work in every region of the globe is already making the world better, and I hope this experience helps them make an even bigger impact.For thirty-six years, Richard Lugar proved that pragmatism and decency worknot only in Washington but all over the world. Michelle and I send our warmest sympathies to his family and all those who had the privilege of knowing this American statesman.Dominiques story is a reminder to us that where youre from shouldnt define what you can achieve. Im proud of her and all students striving for a better future.This generation of climate activists is tired of inaction, and they've caught the attention of leaders all over the world. So while this challenge is only getting more urgent, they show us the kind of action it'll take to meet this moment.And in the U.S., 13-year old @AlexandriaV2005 of New York, 13-year old @havenruthie of Denver, and 16-year old @israhirsi of Minneapolis are some of the young people leading the fight at home. I hope more of us will follow their example.I met 23-year-old @luisamneubauer in Berlin earlier this month. Luisa, the organizer behind the student movement in Germany, says, Its our future and were not going to stop fighting for it.They're people like 16-year-old @GretaThunberg, whose protests at Swedish parliament sparked a movement. Inspired by Greta's action, Fridays for Future brought together more than a million strikers on every continent last month to demand action on climate.Young people all over the world are leading the way in the fight to protect our planet because they know their future depends on it. This Earth Day, I want to celebrate the courageous, committed young leaders who are stepping up to save the one planet we've got.To all who celebrate today, happy Easter from our family to yours! On this day of rebirth and renewal, lets recommit to love and serve our brothers and sisters, especially those in need, in every way we can. Have a great day, everybody.The attacks on tourists and Easter worshippers in Sri Lanka are an attack on humanity. On a day devoted to love, redemption, and renewal, we pray for the victims and stand with the people of Sri Lanka.Notre Dame is one of the worlds great treasures, and were thinking of the people of France in your time of grief. Its in our nature to mourn when we see history lost but its also in our nature to rebuild for tomorrow, as strong as we can.Congratulations, Tiger! To come back and win the Masters after all the highs and lows is a testament to excellence, grit, and determination.Another good story worth sharing: From one "kid from Akron" to a new generation of Akron kids, some remarkable early achievements at @IPROMISESchool. Great work, @KingJamesand even better work by those students. Proud to be a witness to their success:From a big NBA fan, congrats to future Hall of Famers Dwyane Wade and Dirk Nowitzkinot just all-time greats but class acts, too.In just a few minutes, Im taking the stage at the @ObamaFoundation Town Hall Europe for a conversation about how to best support civic leaders carrying out good work across the continent. I hope youll tune in live atA voice everybody should hear.Heres a story about people doing good that's worth sharing: @BradPaisley and his wife @Kimwilliamspais saw food insecurity in Nashville and decided to do something about it. They just broke ground on a free grocery store to help families in need:Great to see Chicagos historic mayoral race between two highly qualified candidates. Congrats to our next mayor, Lori Lightfootand Toni Preckwinkle campaigned hard and did us proud. I know that with our citys heart and Loris leadership, Chicagos best days are still ahead.Valerie is one of my oldest friends and advisors she was by my side when I first decided to run for office and for every major moment of the presidency. @ValerieJarrett's voice has often inspired me and I know Finding My Voice will inspire others to lift their voices, too.Last night I had the chance to meet with first-term Democrats in Congressit's a young, diverse class, stocked with a bunch of my campaign and administration alums whove taken the torch. This group is going to be driving progress for a long time to come.Just in the nick of time: My brackets have never been my one shining moment, but here we go again. You can check out my #MarchMadness picks here:And here are some ways to help cyclone victims in Mozambique, Malawi, and Zimbabwe:The floods in the Midwest and in southern Africa are heartbreaking. Suffering and loss on two sides of the world calls for solidarity and strength from all of us. Ask what you can do to help our fellow Americans and families in need. Here are some ideas:In 2011, I visited the tiny town of Moneygall and got to walk around in the house where my great-great-great grandfather Falmouth Kearney lived his early life. I'll always be grateful for the warmth and generosity of the Irish people. Happy St. Patrick's Day! -Barack OBamaMichelle and I send our condolences to the people of New Zealand. We grieve with you and the Muslim community. All of us must stand against hatred in all its forms..@MichelleObama and I are rooting hard for Team USA as the Special Olympics World Games get underway this week. Our Special Olympians are terrific examples of Americas heart and drive.What a great moment. Happy 110th, Virginia.Michelle and I send our deepest sympathies to all who knew the victims of todays plane crash in Ethiopia.The Crew Dragons been on quite a ride since I last saw itcongrats to @NASA and @SpaceX on a successful return! We invested in the @Commercial_Crew program to strengthen the U.S. space program for the long haul, and its great to see that happening.Preethi, Alice, and Sefora are just three of many @ObamaFoundation leaders who remind us what International Womens Day is all about: imagining a world free of artificial ceilings for the next generationand doing the hard work to get us there.And @SeforaKodjo is helping the next generation of women leaders in Africa rise up. Her organization is training and mentoring young women across the continent to adopt a new model of leadership, one that puts gender equality at the heart of economic development..@BarbeAlice is helping refugees resettle into welcoming communities in France, offering them job training and language immersion, as well as a place to stay. More importantly, shes fighting a narrative that suggests our differences are more important than our shared humanity..@preethiherman is helping women unleash their power to change their societies. As head of the Foundation, shes leading an initiative that combines online tools with in-person organizing, giving women a voice in her native Indiaand beyond.On International Womens Day, Im reflecting on the future we all want for our daughters: one where they can live out their aspirations without limits. And Im celebrating some of the women who are building that future for all of us today.Its up to all of us as citizens to make sure that the rules of democracy are faireverywherebecause the next decade of our nation's progress is on the line. Join me and @allontheline in the fight against gerrymandering:Zion Williamson seems like an outstanding young man as well as an outstanding basketball player. Wishing him a speedy recovery.Im about to join @StephenCurry30 on stage with @MBK_Alliance to answer questions from boys and young men of color about the challenges that confront them and the opportunities within their grasp. Tune in atIve always loved basketball because its about building a team thats equal to more than the sum of its parts. Glad to see this expansion into Africa because for a rising continent, this can be about a lot more than what happens on the court.Happy Valentines Day to the extraordinarily smart, beautiful, funny, one and only @MichelleObama. Its true; she does get down to Motown.In the year since their friends were killed, the students of Parkland refused to settle for the way things are and marched, organized, and pushed for the way things should be - helping pass meaningful new gun violence laws in states across the country. I'm proud of all of them.Dont be sad its over, be proud it taught us so much. Congrats to all the men and women of @NASA on a @MarsRovers mission that beat all expectations, inspired a new generation of Americans, and demands we keep investing in science that pushes the boundaries of human knowledge.Happy 85th birthday to @RealBillRussell - the greatest champion in American sports, and a lifelong warrior for justice.My statement on the passing of former Congressman John Dingell:We lost two great Americans today Frank Robinson and John Dingell citizens who inspired me and so many others by leading on the civil rights issues of our time, opening doors to others, and leaving it all on the field.As we celebrate Black History Month and Jackie Robinsons 100th birthday, we celebrate the life of all whose courage opened the gates for everybody, and in the process, made America better.The @ObamaFoundation is connecting people from around the world so they can form partnerships just like this. I am inspired by Robert and Vanessa and whats possible when leaders come together to have an even greater impact on the world.Ive always drawn inspiration from what Dr. King called lifes most persistent and urgent question: "What are you doing for others?" Lets honor his legacy by standing up for what is right in our communities and taking steps to make a positive impact on the world.I knew it way back then and Im absolutely convinced of it today youre one of a kind, @MichelleObama. Happy Birthday!In 2018 people stepped up and showed up like never before. Keep it up in 2019. Weve got a lot of work to do, and Ill be right there with you. Happy New Year, everybody!I hope you find inspiration in the stories of Dejah, Moussa, Sandor, Hong and Jonny. Their journeys began with a decision to build the better future they wanted to see. The same is true for you. What matters isnt the size of the step you take; what matters is that you take it.Leaders like Jonny Boucher, a Chicago native who, after losing too many friends and family to suicide, started a coffee shop to offer emotional support and guidance to those who might be in need of a little more than a strong cup of coffee to get through their day.Leaders like Hong Hoang, who mobilized a youth-led movement to create a greener world after becoming the first Vietnamese person to visit Antarctica.Leaders like Moussa Kondo and Sandor Lederer, who are each doing their part to fight corruption in their native countries of Mali and Hungary. Two people separated by continents but united in their pursuit of a more just, transparent society.Leaders like Dejah Powell, who started an organization to bring health and wellness resources to communities on the South Side of Chicago, expanding food access and providing people the space and time to take care of themselves.As the year winds down and we look toward 2019, Im asking you to make a commitment: find something you want to change in your community and take the first step toward changing it. If you need some inspiration, take a look at some of the young leaders who inspired me this year.As 2018 draws to a close, Im continuing the tradition of sharing my year-end lists. It gives me a moment to reflect on the year through the books, movies, and music that I found most thought-provoking, inspiring, or just plain loved. I hope you enjoy it:Enjoy the holiday season with the ones you love. Michelle and I wish you a very Merry Christmas!Theres no better time than the holidays to give back to your community. Yesterday I got to do just that at @ChildrensHealth. As we celebrate the season and look forward to 2019, lets recommit to doing our part to build a world that is a little more generous, tolerant, and kind.Merry Christmas and happy holidays to the extraordinary kids, families, and staff at Childrens National. And thanks for humoring me as your stand-in Santa.Today is the last day of open enrollment. That means its the deadline to make sure you and the people you love have health insurance in 2019. So head over to to get covered! Heres what else you need to know today about health care:Joe is right. Head to before tomorrows deadline. And nice bracelet, by the way.As Bobby Kennedy taught us, the thing about hope is that it travels through space *and* time, first splashing against the rocks, but eventually breaking down the walls of cruelty and injustice. And if we do our best with the time were given, others will take hope in our example.No jump shots. No ferns. No memes. Not this time. Im going to give it to you straight: If you need health insurance for 2019, the deadline to get covered is December 15. Go to today and pass this on you just might save a life.Happy Hanukkah! Over these eight nights, we draw inspiration from light that can overpower any darkness, and recommit ourselves to building a brighter future for our families, our communities, and our world. Chag Sameach from the Obama family to yours.America has lost a patriot and humble servant in George Herbert Walker Bush. While our hearts are heavy today, they are also filled with gratitude. Our thoughts are with the entire Bush family tonight and all who were inspired by George and Barbaras example.I am grateful for the next generation of leaders -- the young people who are tolerant, creative, idealistic and doing the work to create the world as it should be. Who understand that hope requires action. From the Obama family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.Thanks to the Chicago @FoodDepository team for all you do and to the volunteers who are doing great work and let me crash today. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody!When someone shares their story, we see the world through their eyes. Im looking forward to hearing a few from leaders around the world and sharing my own at the @ObamaFoundation Summit in Chicago. Tune in atOur future depends on all our young people, including our boys and young men of color, being able to achieve their dreams. Today, Im proud to share @MBK_Alliances first investments in communities devoted to this mission. Get inspired:Of course, @MichelleObamas my wife, so Im a little biased here. But she also happens to be brilliant, funny, wise one of a kind. This book tells her quintessentially American story. I love it because it faithfully reflects the woman I have loved for so long.Michelle and I are heartbroken for everybody whos lost so much in California, and grateful for the heroism of the firefighters whove been risking their lives around the clock to save others. Please do what you can to help our fellow Americans in need:To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and sacrifice. But all of us can do our best to live up to the American values of service, responsibility, generosity, and citizenship that you helped defend.Congratulations to everybody who showed up and participated in our democracy in record numbers yesterday. The change we need wont come from one election alone but it is a start. Last night, voters across the country started it.Today is the day. Today, its your turn to raise your voice to change the course of this country for the better. So make it count. Get out there and vote. Go to or call 833-336-VOTE to confirm where you can vote and check voting hours.If you take that power and vote, something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. And with each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads. Go vote!When you vote, you have the power to make it easier for a student to afford college, and harder for a disturbed person to shoot up a classroom. When you vote, you have the power to make sure a family keeps its health insurance.When you vote, you have the power to protect voting rights. To make sure our criminal justice system treats everyone equally under the law. To strengthen laws that protect women in the workplace from harassment and make sure theyre paid equally.When we've been at such crossroads before, Americans have made the right choice. Not because we sat back and waited for history to happen -- but because we marched, and mobilized, and voted. We made history happen.Tomorrows elections might be the most important of our lifetimes. The health care of millions is on the ballot. Making sure working families get a fair shake is on the ballot. The character of our country is on the ballot.Speaking of preexisting conditions, open enrollment starts today. If you or someone you know needs health care, visit Thanks to financial help, most people can find plans for $75/month or less, so check out your options and find a plan that works for you.Elections matter. You have the power to protect a familys health care. Make a plan, grab some friends, and vote:While we're talking about preexisting conditions, the ACA is the law that finally protected your coverage for preexisting conditions. Those protections and your health care are absolutely at stake on Tuesday. Vote for Democrats wholl protect them.Not sure who and what you can vote for? Head over to to look up your state, learn who's running to represent you, which measures you can help decide, and more. Read up, and get ready to vote on November 6.Your vote can decide the health care of millions. Your voice can determine the character of our country. You have power use it! In most states, you don't even have to wait until Election Day to cast a ballot. Find out where you can vote before Nov. 6:We grieve for the Americans murdered in Pittsburgh. All of us have to fight the rise of anti-Semitism and hateful rhetoric against those who look, love, or pray differently. And we have to stop making it so easy for those who want to harm the innocent to get their hands on a gun.The last presidential election turned on fewer than 100,000 votes in three states. More people go to Coachella. Theres no good excuse not to vote. Head over to to check your registration, get your absentee ballot, and find out where to vote on November 6.America is always at our best when we look out for each other. Please do what you can to help people recover and rebuild from Hurricane Michael.Im so proud of the work @MichelleObama has done over the years to ensure adolescent girls have access to education, and I know that the @GirlsAlliance will be another great chapter in her effort to get girls the opportunities they deserve.Congratulations to Drew Brees on the all time passing record. Always a class act.Happy Anniversary, @MichelleObama. For 26 years, youve been an extraordinary partner, someone who can always make me laugh, and my favorite person to see the world with.Today, Im proud to endorse even more Democratic candidates who arent just running against something, but for somethingto expand opportunity for all of us and to restore dignity, honor, and compassion to public service. They deserve your vote:From civil servants to organizers, the young people I met in Amsterdam today are doing the hard work of change. And they keep at it for their communities, their countries, and the collective future of Europe and the world. Keep up the good work.The antidote to government by a powerful few is government by the organized, energized many. This National Voter Registration Day, make sure you're registered, vote early if you can, or show up on November 6. This moment is too important to sit out.The first class of Obama Fellows is full of leaders like Keithhardworking, innovative, and dedicated to partnering with their communities to drive transformational change.We will always remember everyone we lost on 9/11, thank the first responders who keep us safe, and honor all who defend our country and the ideals that bind us together. There's nothing our resilience and resolve cant overcome, and no act of terror can ever change who we are.Today Im at the University of Illinois to deliver a simple message to young people all over the country: You need to vote, because our democracy depends on it. I hope you'll tune in at 11am CT:Yesterday I met with high school students on Chicagos Southwest side who spent the summer learning to code some pretty cool apps. Michelle and I are proud to support programs that invest in local youth and were proud of these young people.Congratulations to Hawaii for winning the Little League World Series! You make America very proud.Our statement on the passing of Senator John McCain:Aretha helped define the American experience. In her voice, we could feel our history, all of it and in every shadeour power and our pain, our darkness and our light, our quest for redemption and our hard-won respect. May the Queen of Soul rest in eternal peace.Bobby Kennedy was one of my heroes. He was someone who showed us the power of acting on our ideals, the idea that any of us can be one of the million different centers of energy and daring that ultimately combine to change the world for the better.Im confident that, together, theyll strengthen this country we love by restoring opportunity, repairing our alliances and standing in the world, and upholding our fundamental commitment to justice, fairness, responsibility, and the rule of law. But first, they need our votes.Today Im proud to endorse such a wide and impressive array of Democratic candidates leaders as diverse, patriotic, and big-hearted as the America theyre running to represent:Mandela Day is about taking action to change the world for the better. In these young people, I see Madiba's example of persistence and hope. They are poised to make this world more peaceful, more prosperous, and more just.This week, Im traveling to Africa for the first time since I left office a continent of wonderful diversity, thriving culture, and remarkable stories. As I prepare for this trip, I wanted to share a list of books that Id recommend for summer reading:Congratulations to the @Capitals! This @NHLBlackhawks fan knows what its like to lift that cup and Im happy for all the Caps fans who cheer so hard for their team, and for a team that celebrates so hard with its fans.Low plastic stool, cheap but delicious noodles, cold Hanoi beer. This is how Ill remember Tony. He taught us about food but more importantly, about its ability to bring us together. To make us a little less afraid of the unknown. Well miss him.This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, show your commitment to keeping our kids safe from gun violence. Then, for everyone weve lost, take action to change our leadership and our laws until they reflect that commitment - no matter how long it takes.We can never truly repay the debt we owe our fallen heroes. But we can remember them, honor their sacrifice, and affirm in our own lives those enduring ideals of justice, equality, and opportunity for which generations of Americans have given that last full measure of devotion.This Center is for the leaders of tomorrow who are ready to step up and build the world as it should be. Michelle and I are grateful to Chicagoans and the Chicago City Council for making it happen.Happy Mothers Day to every mom out there, especially the remarkable moms in my life, @MichelleObama and my mother-in-law, Marian Robinson.There are few issues more important to the security of the US than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potential for even more destructive war in the Middle East. Todays decision to put the JCPOA at risk is a serious mistake. My full statement:These talented young people will create a better future not just in Africa, but around the world. I cant wait to spend some time with @ObamaFoundation Leaders and look forward to honoring the Mandela legacy in Johannesburg this summer.Our statement on the passing of Former First Lady Barbara Bush:Incredible to have a Chicago team in the Final Four. Ill take that over an intact bracket any day! Congratulations to everybody @LoyolaChicago - lets keep it going!Michelle and I are so inspired by all the young people who made todays marches happen. Keep at it. Youre leading us forward. Nothing can stand in the way of millions of voices calling for change.Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams. Weve started this work with @MBK_Alliance, but theres so much more all of us have to dogovernment, private sector, academia & community leadersto change the odds for our kids.In Singapore with young people who are advocating for education, empowering young women, and getting involved all over Southeast Asia with a profoundly optimistic commitment to building the world they want to see.41: I like the competition. And the loyalty to the home team. - 44Congrats to @LoyolaChicago and Sister Jean for a last-second upset - I had faith in my pick!Just because I have more time to watch games doesnt mean my picks will be better, but here are my brackets this year:Have fun out there among the stars.Four years ago, @MichelleObama and I had the privilege to host Lt. Cmdr. Dan Cnossen and his fellow Paralympians and Olympians at the White House. Today, were so proud of him for winning gold and silver - while still representing the red, white, and blue.I got my start holding community meetings in Chicago, so it was fun to be home for one tonight. Michelle and I want the world to come together on the South Side at a place built with local ideas, values, and hopes. Thats the @ObamaFoundation and Presidential Center.Young people have helped lead all our great movements. How inspiring to see it again in so many smart, fearless students standing up for their right to be safe; marching and organizing to remake the world as it should be. We've been waiting for you. And we've got your backs.Billy Graham was a humble servant who prayed for so many - and who, with wisdom and grace, gave hope and guidance to generations of Americans.We are grieving with Parkland. But we are not powerless. Caring for our kids is our first job. And until we can honestly say that we're doing enough to keep them safe from harm, including long overdue, common-sense gun safety laws that most Americans want, then we have to change.Happy Valentines Day, @MichelleObama. You make every day and every place better.Dr. King was 26 when the Montgomery bus boycott began. He started small, rallying others who believed their efforts mattered, pressing on through challenges and doubts to change our world for the better. A permanent inspiration for the rest of us to keep pushing towards justice.All across America people chose to get involved, get engaged and stand up. Each of us can make a difference, and all of us ought to try. So go keep changing the world in 2018.Ten-year-old Jahkil Jackson is on a mission to help homeless people in Chicago. He created kits full of socks, toiletries, and food for those in need. Just this week, Jahkil reached his goal to give away 5,000 blessing bags. Thats a story from 2017.Chris Long gave his paychecks from the first six games of the NFL season to fund scholarships in Charlottesville, VA. He wanted to do more, so he decided to give away an entire seasons salary. Thats a story from 2017.Kat Creech, a wedding planner in Houston, turned a postponed wedding into a volunteer opportunity for Hurricane Harvey victims. Thirty wedding guests became an organization of hundreds of volunteers. Thats a story from 2017.As we count down to the new year, we get to reflect and prepare for whats ahead. For all the bad news that seemed to dominate our collective consciousness, there are countless stories from this year that remind us what's best about America.On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season.There's no better time than the holiday season to reach out and give back to our communities. Great to hear from young people at the Boys & Girls Club in DC today.Happy Hanukkah, everybody, from the Obama family to yours. Chag Sameach!Just got off a call to thank folks who are working hard to help more Americans across the country sign up for health coverage. But it's up to all of us to help spread the word: Sign up through this Friday atMichelle and I are delighted to congratulate Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on their engagement. We wish you a lifetime of joy and happiness together.From the Obama family to yours, we wish you a Happy Thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude.ME: Joe, about halfway through the speech, Im gonna wish you a happy birth-- BIDEN: ITS MY BIRTHDAY! ME: Joe.  Happy birthday to @JoeBiden, my brother and the best vice president anybody could have.This is what happens when the people vote. Congrats @RalphNortham and @PhilMurphyNJ . And congratulations to all the victors in state legislative, county and mayors' races. Every office in a democracy counts!Every election matters - those who show up determine our future. Go vote tomorrow!May God also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred, and well stand with the survivors as they recover...Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to and find a plan that meets your needs.Michelle and I are thinking of the victims of today's attack in NYC and everyone who keeps us safe. New Yorkers are as tough as they come.Hello, #ObamaSummit! Thrilled to host civic leaders in Chicago from all over the world. Follow along at @ObamaFoundation.Ill let you and @ladygaga handle the singing, and well handle the donations. Theres still time to give:Tonight the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this years hurricanes. Join us.I'm grateful to @SenJohnMcCain for his lifetime of service to our country. Congratulations, John, on receiving this year's Liberty Medal.Michelle & I are praying for the victims in Las Vegas. Our thoughts are with their families & everyone enduring another senseless tragedy.Proud to cheer on Team USA at the Invictus Games today with my friend Joe. You represent the best of our country.We're expanding our efforts to help Puerto Rico & the USVI, where our fellow Americans need us right now. Join us atProsecutor, soldier, family man, citizen. Beau made us want to be better. What a legacy to leave. What a testament to @JoeBiden.Thinking about our neighbors in Mexico and all our Mexican-American friends tonight. Cuidense mucho y un fuerte abrazo para todos.Coding is important and fun. @CSforAll, thanks for your work to make sure every kid can compete in a high-tech, global economy.Michelle and I want the @ObamaFoundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. Here's how we're getting started this fall.We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever change who we are.Proud of these McKinley Tech studentsinspiring young minds that make me hopeful about our future.Americans always answer the call.To target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because theyve done nothing wrong. My statement:Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one way you can help now.Michelle and I are thinking of the victims and their families in Barcelona. Americans will always stand with our Spanish friends. Un abrazo."...For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - Nelson Mandela"People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love...""No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..."John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.Health care has always been about something bigger than politics: it's about the character of our country.Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad. To all those lucky enough to be a dad, Happy Father's Day!On this National Gun Violence Awareness Day, let your voice be heard and show your commitment to reducing gun violence.Forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all who fought to protect our freedoms and defend this country we love.Good to see my friend Prince Harry in London to discuss the work of our foundations & offer condolences to victims of the Manchester attack.Through faith, love, and resolve the character of the people of Manchester has shown itself. Our thoughts & prayers are with you.Our hearts go out to those killed and wounded in Manchester. Americans will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of the UK.Excited to hear from Sierra, Imani, Filiz, and Benedikt who are making a difference at home and abroad. See you in Berlin!Happy Mother's Day to my love and partner on this journey @MichelleObama, and to all the wonderful, hardworking mothers out there.We're rolling up our sleeves again, back where it all started. Join us atWell said, Jimmy. That's exactly why we fought so hard for the ACA, and why we need to protect it for kids like Billy. And congratulations!My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our British ally.Chuck Berry rolled over everyone who came before him and turned up everyone who came after. We'll miss you, Chuck. Be good.On International Womens Day, @MichelleObama and I are inspired by all of you who embrace your power to drive change.Humbled to be recognized by a family with a legacy of service. Who's your #ProfileInCourage? Tell me about them:We asked. You answered.Happy Valentines Day, @michelleobama! Almost 28 years with you, but it always feels new.I read letters like these every single day. It was one of the best parts of the job hearing from you.In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me here:Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then well get back to work.Tonight, President Obama reflects on eight years of progress. Watch the #FarewellAddress at 9 pm ET: #ObamaFarewellIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses what #Obamacare has done to improve health care.Let's keep working to keep our economy on a better, stronger course.The landmark #ParisAgreement enters into force todaywe must keep up the momentum to #ActOnClimate.The economy added 161,000 jobs in October, and wages are up 2.8 percent over the past year. #JobsReportThere are a lot of plans out there. Check your options and lock in the one that's best for you: #GetCoveredThe positive impact of #Obamacare is undeniable, but there's one big factor holding many states back:Tens of millions of Americans have benefited from #Obamacare. Make sure you're one of them. #GetCoveredThanks to #Obamacare, quality health care is available to everyone. The marketplace is now openmake sure you and your family #GetCovered.Community organizing never goes out of style. Shop now:With #Obamacare, people can focus on treatment for pre-existing conditions without the fear of coverage being capped or denied. #GetCoveredThe Obamacare marketplace is now open. If you're uninsured, now is the time to shop for a plan and #GetCovered.Lions and Tiggers and bears! Oh my! #HappyHalloweenUsted y su familia merecen la tranquilidad de saber que estn cubiertos. El mercado de seguros abre maana.Speak up in support of quality, affordable health care for all.There's nothing to be scared of when searching for health insurance. Three in four people can #GetCovered for less than $75 a month.Open enrollment begins tomorrowmake sure you and your loved ones #GetCovered.Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court nomination process is unacceptable. Say so: #DoYourJobSenate leaders should put the common good above politicsthe integrity of our nation's highest court depends on it. #DoYourJobDon't ghost on your health and well-beingyour chance to #GetCovered is coming up. Open enrollment starts November 1.Climate change is happening now. Denial is dangerous.If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead.President Obama lays out just a few of the ways in which #Obamacare has helped millions of Americans.New report: Renewable energy installations are beating fossil fuel installations for the first time. #ActOnClimateObamacare has helped millions of Americans gain the peace of mind that comes with coverage. Show your support:This is what happens when we focus on building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.No one's too wrapped up in pre-existing conditions to #GetCovered. Thanks to Obamacare, you can find a plan that meets your needs.Help protect the progress we've made in helping millions of Americans get covered. Add your name now:DYK: Most people can find a plan for less than $75 per month. Open enrollment starts on November 1. #GetCoveredWomen, the sick, survivorsthey all deserve fair treatment in our health care system. #ObamacareDon't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:Be proud of the progress we've made togetherwear the mark of this movement.Strong policies that help working families get ahead are good for our economy.The four-week average of jobless claims fell to the lowest level since 1973a sign of a healthy labor market.Since 2010, America's uninsured rate has been cut in half. Help build on that progressjoin Team #Obamacare today:Health care is a right, not a privilegeand #Obamacare works to protect that right for millions of Americans.Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:Being able to stay on a parent's plan enables millions of young adults to make choices about their future with the security of health care."Because of Obamacare, another 20 million Americans now know the financial security of health insurance."Stand up for the law that's helped 20 million more Americans gain health coverage. Join Team @Obamacare today:There's still more work to do, but let's celebrate how far we've come.LIVE: President Obama is in Miami talking about the progress made possible by the Affordable Care Act.Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the successes of the Affordable Care Act.There's a lot of misinformation floating around. Make sure you've got the factsjoin the @OFA Truth Team:From coast to coast, editorial boards are denouncing Senate obstructionism. Take a look: #DoYourJobOur Supreme Court has been short a justice for far too long. #DoYourJob, Senate leaders.The need for a ninth justice is undeniably clear. #DoYourJobWe can't afford to let this be the new normal. #ActOnClimateDenying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now: #ActOnClimateClimate change is real, but so is the progress we're making to #ActOnClimate. Let's keep it up.This is just the latest step forward in the push to #ActOnClimate.Read why @FLOTUS is fighting to ensure that girls everywhere have access to quality education. #LetGirlsLearnWildfires in the next few decades could be "unrecognizable" to previous generationsbecause of climate change:Senate leaders are blocking the Supreme Court nomination for their own political gaindon't be silent: #DoYourJobSenate leaders have recognized Judge Garland's impeccable credentials in the past. He deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.We need a fully functional Supreme Court. Editorial boards across the country agree: #DoYourJobThe American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest rating. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now: #ActOnClimateCynics, take note: When we #ActOnClimate, we build a stronger future."Thats how we will overcome the challenges we face: by unleashing the power of all of us for all of us." Read more:Check out the most recent editorial boards calling on Senate leaders to vote on Judge Garland: #DoYourJobSenate leaders have undercut the functionality of the Supreme Court, and that's unacceptable. #DoYourJobSenate leaders' political games are handicapping the Supreme Courtand judgeships across the country. #DoYourJobLIVE: President Obama is speaking at a reception celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth.Support the bold steps we're taking against climate change. Say you're ready to #ActOnClimate:Last week, more than 190 countries reached a landmark deal to reduce carbon pollution from aviation. #ActOnClimateLet's leave our children and grandchildren a planet that's healthier than the one we have today. #ActOnClimateClimate change's effects are devastating. Denying the science behind it does nothing to help. #ActOnClimate"On behalf of Michelle and our family, Gmar Chatimah Tovah." President Obama #YomKippur"LGBT individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them." President Obama #NationalComingOutDayThe Supreme Court must remain above politics. Judge Garland needs a hearing and a vote. #DoYourJobDon't stand idly by while Senate leaders continue to block Judge Garland from a fair hearing and vote: #DoYourJobJudge Garland is just as qualified now as he was in 1997, Senate leaders. It's time to #DoYourJob.Dispel misinformation with facts from the @OFA Truth Team.The uninsured rate is the lowest it's been in decades, thanks to #Obamacare. Spread the word.Deadline tonighthelp rein in payday lenders that succeed by targeting vulnerable Americans: #StopTheDebtTrapThe Obama administration and @CFPB are working to protect consumers and #StopTheDebtTrap.Our economy is on a better, stronger course.The economic progress we've made is undeniablelet's keep it up.Check out President Obama's essay in @TheEconomist on the unique challenges the American economy faces.The economy added 156,000 jobs in Septemberextending the longest streak of total job growth on record.ICYMI: Read about the historic #ParisAgreement and what it means for the fight to #ActOnClimate.The cost of clean energy technology dropped significantly over the last eight years. Get the chart: #ActOnClimateThis historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate came faster than anyone predicted."Today is a historic day in the fight to protect our planet for future generations." President Obama #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the Paris Climate Agreement.Read from @NYTopinion about why filling the Supreme Court vacancy is crucial for our democracy: #DoYourJobEnough is enough. Say it's time for Senate leaders to get to work: #DoYourJob"Everybody cares about their kids, their grandkids, and the kind of world we pass on to them." President ObamaTake what matters with you.We've come a long way, but the fight for fairness and an economy that works for everyone continues.Side-by-side for 24 years. Here's to many more. #HappyAnniversaryFacts matter. Stay informed with the @OFA Truth Team:In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why access to paid leave is so important. #LeadOnLeaveParents shouldn't have to choose between a paycheck and taking care of a sick child at home. #LeadOnLeaveAfter thirty years in Congress, Senator, this should not be your proudest accomplishment. #DoYourJobWe need a fully functioning Supreme Court. Speak up if you agree it's time for a hearing and a vote: #DoYourJobThere has never been a more qualified nominee, Senate leaders. He deserves a fair hearing and a vote. #DoYourJobIt's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. Their refusal to do so is unacceptable: #DoYourJob"Everybody gets sick." Check out what President Obama is doing to extend access to paid sick leave: #LeadOnLeaveNever underestimate the strength and resilience of the American economy.The @OFA Truth Team makes it easy to stay informed. Join today:This is no accidentwe're making a comeback because together, we've fought hard to support American families.We're better off than we were eight years ago.Household incomes are up, and the poverty rate is down across all demographics.As long as Senate leaders keep refusing to do their jobs, @OFA supporters will continue speaking out against their obstruction. #DoYourJobSenate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing: #DoYourJobImportant, tough conversations require solid facts. Get them from the @OFA Truth Team:These are high praises from the American Bar Associationand yet, Senate leaders refuse to even consider Judge Garland. #MerricksMeritsSenate leaders' unprecedented obstruction of the Supreme Court nomination must end. Your voice matters: #DoYourJobThe American people are waiting for Senate leaders to do their jobs.Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing: #DoYourJobSenate leaders need to work for the good of the American people, not seek out political points.Watch President Obama and @CEAChair Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the American economy has made.Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud of.Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team:Another record broken: 16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat. #ActOnClimateHappy #FirstDayofFall.We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national securitywe must act now. #ActOnClimateJudge Garland is highly qualified for the bencheven some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agreed. #MerricksMeritsSenate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by.Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators. #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess. #DoYourJobThe American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote. #MerricksMerits"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." President Obama #ActOnClimateCommunities are already experiencing the effects of climate changewe can't afford not to act. Take a look:As the #UNGA meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to American leadership in the world.LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly. #UNGALIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement in New York.President Obama commemorates #HispanicHeritageMonth in an address to @CHCI.Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland. #DoYourJobSix months is long enough, senators. It's time to #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland a hearing.The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator. #DoYourJobProgress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started:When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations. #ActOnClimate"There is no 'election year' exception in Article II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a hearing:President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast. #OurOceanLIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference. #OurOceanWe need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Courtand editorial boards across the country agree.We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities. #DoYourJobStay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team:The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is building:Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. #DoYourJobMedian household income: Poverty rate: Uninsured rate:  Middle-class economics works.In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since 1968.The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders: The time to fill the vacant seat is now.ICYMI: This is a really big deal.Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs.These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to #ActOnClimate.Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this @nytimes interview.We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every levellocally, nationally, globally. #ActOnClimateSenate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure highcall out their obstructionism. #DoYourJobThere's no need to overcomplicate the process. #DoYourJobWe must take bold steps nowclimate change is already impacting millions of people. #ActOnClimateCongress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand:Stay in the loop with important facts. Join @OFA's Truth Team:Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along America's coasts. The time to #ActOnClimate is now.Fewer Americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to #Obamacare.Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing: #DoYourJobThe process is clear. The Supreme Court and American people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to work.Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now:The Paris Climate Agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate changeand now, a big step closer to reality.The United States is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate.Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change."When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." President Obama #ActOnClimatePresident Obama has a message for America's workers todaycheck it out: #LaborDayIn the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country.Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs.When Americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solvenot even climate change. #ActOnClimate today:Unemployment: Deficits: Uninsured rate: Jobs: +15.1 millionIt's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago.The economy added 151,000 jobs in Augustextending the longest streak of total job growth on record.Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garlandsay so. #DoYourJobRecess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs.Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join @OFA's Truth Team:Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess endssay you'll let them know: #DoYourJobWe can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why:The American people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction. #DoYourJobSenate leaders have a job to dojoin the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week. #DoYourJobSummer's almost over, Senate leaders. #DoYourJobHave meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OFA's Truth Team:Show off your pride in this movementgrab your Organizing& tee:Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote.It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree.Obstructionespecially when it comes to the Supreme Courtis nothing to be proud of, @SenateMajLdr. #DoYourJobPresident Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a look:Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time. #WomensEqualityDaySay you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in America: #WomensEqualityDayWe've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally. #WomensEqualityDayOrganize for change in your community, and look good doing it."These are our American cathedrals, and they belong to you." Jonathan B. Jarvis, director of the @NatlParkServiceHappy 100th birthday, @NatlParkService. Here's to the next 100. #NPS100We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland: #DoYourJobThis is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard. #DoYourJobGet important news delivered straight to your inboxjoin the @OFA Truth Team:Rhode Island just built America's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change.America's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one. #ActOnClimateWe can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders: It's time for a vote.The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like one.Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship.Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the @OFA Truth Team:"Weve protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the @NatlParkService.Another record broken. #ActOnClimateOur children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now:Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway. #ActOnClimateEach month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that were changing the climate.Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied: We need to #ActOnClimate.Get the facts, not the fluffjoin the OFA Truth Team:Carry what you need while organizing for change.New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through 2027.Call on Congress to #DisarmHate. Add your name to support common-sense gun legislation:We shouldn't accept this as normal. #DisarmHateDoing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to #DisarmHate.Were taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave. #LeadOnLeaveSenate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support. #DoYourJobReminder: It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. #DoYourJobToday, thousands of young DREAMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy.Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. Add your voice and show your support: #DoYourJobIts not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down vote.Editorial boards around the country agree: Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football."There's no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate changeand what's left to do.Let's be clear: Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court. #DoYourJobThe Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families. #ActOnClimateNot long ago, women could be charged more for health insurancefor being women. There's more to do: #StandWithWomenEquality isn't a zero-sum game.Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stopadd your name if you agree: #DoYourJobRead what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court:20 million more insured  15 million new jobs  A global climate agreement  Let's keep it going:Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the @OFA Truth Team and get the facts to fight back:Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hardbut essential.Grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels.Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with @OFA.We've accomplished so much as a movementand it's thanks to the power of organizing.Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shamefuland irresponsible. #DoYourJobSenate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedentedand unacceptable: #DoYourJobEditorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy.President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader. #ActOnClimateAdding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to #ActOnClimate.Show your support for bold action to fight climate change. #ActOnClimateAmericans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change. #ActOnClimateThese extreme records aren't a flukeclimate change is largely caused by human activity. #ActOnClimate"Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard." President ObamaPresident Obama reflects on his experience as a feministand his hopes to continue building toward gender equality.Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true: America's economy is the strongest in the world.This is a good thing for American workers and businessesbut there's more work to do.Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the progress.The economy added 255,000 jobs in Julya record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth.Its President Obamas last birthday in officedont forget to sign the card.Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today:Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card: #TBTThe Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate.One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good onesign the card now:Birthday game: stronger. Wish President Obama a happy 55th.From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate Agreement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate.Don't sleep on thisthe President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now:Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Planshow your support in the fight to #ActOnClimate.The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030. #ActOnClimateShow President Obama some love on his 55th birthdaysign the birthday card.Step 1: Sign President Obama's birthday card. Step 2: Celebrate.Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland. #DoYourJobIt has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote. #DoYourJobSupreme Court seats: 9 Current number of Justices: 8 Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee: 044 is turning 55. Celebratesign the card.Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out. #DoYourJobThe Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs. #DoYourJob55? May be time for some new material. Join @OFA in wishing President Obama happy birthday.Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the @OFA Truth Team."We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." @VP Biden #DoYourJobSign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday.In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins @VP Biden to discuss the #SCOTUS vacancy.Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge Garland.Add your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games: #DoYourJobIt's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must end.Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing @OFA's card today:Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now:Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to #ActOnClimate.Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your @OFA Classic Tee:It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on #Obamacare's progressnot take it away.We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do.Thanks to #Obamacare, millions of Americans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud.Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible #Obamacare alternative.It's the mark of the movementwear it proud. Get yours today:Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable.Let's be clear: #Obamacare is working and helping millions of Americans.97 percent of climate scientists agreeclimate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action: #ActOnClimateIt's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome. #ActOnClimateAdd your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence. #DisarmHateActively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act. #DisarmHateAdd your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics. #DoYourJobThe federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meetwe need to #RaiseTheWage."Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." President ObamaIn the weekly address, @SenWarren joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform.Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy:A reminder for Senate leaders: Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past. #DoYourJobIda is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out more:Our economy is making real progress.By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago.Americas businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight months.For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to #ActOnClimate now.Make your voice heard: The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. #DoYourJobToday marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nominationthe longest time in history from nomination to confirmation.Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more:The majority of Americans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearingadd your name if you agree. #DoYourJobRead President Obama's op-ed in the @WSJ on the need for Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy: #DoYourJobHappening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge.Happening now: President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps Reception.Tonight: President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on @ABC:Stay in touch with the latest newsjoin the @OFA Truth Team:Check out @VP Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicans continued obstruction. #DoYourJobWatch President Obama deliver remarks at the #DallasMemorial service yesterday.President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.At 1:40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.Happy Fourth of July."Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." President ObamaWatch President Obama share a #FourthOfJuly message in the weekly address.Millions of Americans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. Are you one of them?Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland.Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder: Congress needs to keep up and #RaiseTheWage for hard-working Americans nationwide.Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to #RaiseTheWage. Boosting paychecks for hard-working Americans is the right thing to do.Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OFA Truth Team today:Since #Obamacare passed, health care spending has been slowingand the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low.Quickyou're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline.We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. Add your voice to call on Congress to #DisarmHate.Stretch it out and get readythe fundraising deadline is tonight.An overwhelming majority of Americans agreeCongress needs to act. #DisarmHateReach out and help build this movementpitch in:After Monday's #SCOTUS ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling.Add your name if you agree: Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it. #ActOnClimateA new historic goal in the fight to #ActOnClimate.Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention: #DisarmHateEnough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now. #DisarmHateCongratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to #RaiseTheWage."She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americansincluding our two daughters." President Obama on Pat SummittYou don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today:Today's #SCOTUS ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices.Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices.The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion lawsa win for women's reproductive rights.Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. Are you in? #LoveIsLoveWe must keep working toward an America free from discrimination against LGBT individuals. #LoveIsLovePresident Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement. #LoveIsLoveWear your love with pride. #LoveIsLove"We cant rest. Weve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." President ObamaMarriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality. #LoveIsLoveStand in solidarity with LGBT Americansadd your name. #LoveIsLoveWe've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT Americans. Let's keep it going. #LoveIsLoveIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress:Take a look: @VP Biden discusses what 4-4 decisionslike yesterday's on immigrationmean for our country.From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support:"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." President ObamaA few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland: Phenomenal Exceptionally bright Fair-mindedThink the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your voice: #DoYourJobBecause Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job. #DoYourJobSpeak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention: #DisarmHateCongress: Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence. #DisarmHateOur immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solutionspeak up for #ImmigrationAction:LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling. #ImmigrationActionWe need more than moments of silence. We need action. And that's what's going on in the House now: #NoBillNoBreakThe kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented. #DoYourJobIf you're one of the millions of Americans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice:Judge Merrick Garland just received the American Bar Association's highest rating:Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change. #ActOnClimateClean energy is here to stay."There's something sacred about this place." President Obama on Yosemite National ParkStaying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:Join @vj44 on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence.Take a look at President Obama's interview with @NatGeo on national parks, climate change and more."To me, fatherhood means being there." President ObamaHappy Father's Day to all the dads out there.In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like Orlando.President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations.This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT communitytake a look:#OrlandoUnited"Minds open. Hearts change. America shifts." President Obama #Pride2016Today, #LoveIsLove in all 50 states. But millions of Americans are still fighting to end discriminationjoin them:This is how you Slow Jam the News: #POTUSonFallonWatch President Obama Slow Jam the News on @FallonTonight at 11:35 p.m. ET. #POTUSonFallonBe proud of how far we've comeand continue to push for progress. #LoveIsLoveSenate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics. #DoYourJobYour support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters:Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable." #DoYourJobLove looks good on you. Wear it with pride: #LoveIsLoveThis month and every month. #LoveIsLoveUnemployment rate Federal deficit Uninsured rateWatch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our economy.Former Energy Secretary @GovRichardson: Why the #TPP will make a difference in fighting climate change."We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." President Obama #RIPMuhammadAliThe Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree:It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court. #DoYourJobMake sure you have all the factssign up to be part of the @OFA Truth Team.This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacityever: #ActOnClimateWatch: This is why people across the country have decided to #WearOrange today.Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about itadd your name if you agree:This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act. #WearOrangeThe noise around gun violence is loud. But we can be louder. #WearOrangeJoin the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violenceadd your name: #WearOrangeGun violence takes far too many lives in America. Congress needs to act. #WearOrangeLAST CHANCE: Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline.Speak out against gun violence#WearOrange tomorrow.Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline:This is progressbut there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody.LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting America's economic progress.Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indianaseven years after his first visit."Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater:You don't want to miss out on this opportunityenter now before tonight's deadline.Suit upenter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline.The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree:Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job. #DoYourJobShare a laugh with President Obamaenter now for your chance."Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." President Obama"This Memorial weekend, I hope youll join me in acts of remembrance." President ObamaA new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of #Obamacare customers are satisfied with their plans:Join the @OFA Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about:Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief.Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland:Judge Garland: Independent mind Highly qualified Has had bipartisan support  Senate leaders: #DoYourJobTell your friends you fist bumped President Obamaenter now for your chance.Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. #DoYourJobSenate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Courtadd your name if you agree: #DoYourJobJudge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing. #DoYourJobGet some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him:If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy, add your name now:Don't pass this upenter now:"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying: #DoYourJobEver wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance.Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history.You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today:Editorial boards to senators: #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its dutiessay you agree: #DoYourJobOn average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975. #DoYourJob"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay theyve earned." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding #overtime for millions of American workers:This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how:Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy: #DoYourJobEditorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders: #DoYourJob.Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearingspeak out:The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percentthe lowest ever recorded.Don't miss this:Thanks to the new #overtime rule, millions of hard-working Americans will have more economic security.Stand up for middle-class workersadd your name to support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule:Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person:Add your name if you support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule that expands protections for millions:LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking about the economy at @jenisicecreams headquarters in Ohio.This is a big day for millions of middle-class workers.LIVE: Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick Garland.Here's your chance: Tell President Obama what you're most thankful forin person.Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and moretake a look:Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garlandhelp put the pressure on: #DoYourJobIt's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. #DoYourJobApril was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to #ActOnClimate.Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your name: #DoYourJobLIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BuzzFeed about his #SCOTUS nominee, Judge Merrick Garland.We need to lead this fight. #ActOnClimateChange happens because people like you fight to make it happen.Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change: #ActOnClimateRead more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution:Senate leaders should listen to the American people. #DoYourJobSay you support a fair #SCOTUS nomination processspeak up now:Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant:Editorial boards are speaking up on the #SCOTUS vacancy. Here's what they're saying: #DoYourJobAdd your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change: #ActOnClimateThe Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health. #ActOnClimateWe can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices. #DoYourJobThe Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. #DoYourJobAdd your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: #DoYourJobHere's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the #SCOTUS vacancy: #DoYourJobSenate leaders: #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves.Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing:Judge Garland has impeccable credentialshe deserves a fair hearing from the Senate. #DoYourJobAdd your name if you agree: We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy. #DoYourJobPartisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court. #DoYourJobPresident Obama has a message for @OFA supporters on the work ahead:"This Mothers Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" President ObamaAdd your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court: #DoYourJob74 consecutive monthsmore than six yearsof private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the progress.LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency.The economy added 160,000 jobs in Aprila record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth.President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance: #FixTheSystemSay that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: #DoYourJobCheck out President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters and volunteers:President Obama: When American workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us.LIVE: President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan.Retweet if you agree. #DoYourJobMake your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination processadd your name today: #DoYourJobLIVE: President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year.Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand. #ActOnClimateAmerican workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. Check out President Obama's op-ed on #TPP:The United States just hit one million solar installationsenough to power 5.5 million homes. #MillionSolarStrongSay you're one of the majority of Americans who want Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing. #DoYourJobBuilding a clean energy economy is a great way to #ActOnClimate for people across the country.Read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the #SCOTUS vacancy:It's unacceptable for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games with the Supreme Court. Say you agree:"And with that, I just have two more words to sayObama out." President Obama at the #WHCD Don't miss this:Watch "Couch Commander" President Obama at last night's #WHCD:LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the #WHCD.Tune in at 8:00 p.m. ET to watch "Comedian-in-Chief" President Obama at the #WHCD:"Poll after poll shows a majority of Americans think Senate Republicans should do their job." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama has a simple message for Senate Republicans: #DoYourJob.Senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. #DoYourJobClean air makes for healthier and safer communities. #ActOnClimateHundreds of thousands of Americans are calling on Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancyjoin them:It's been more than 40 days since Judge Garland was nominated. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob.Don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. Call them out:Fighting climate change will save Americans money at the gas pump. #ActOnClimateAdd your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change:Watch Professor Obama take obstructionists in the Senate back to school with #SCOTUS 101. #DoYourJobFor the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to #ActOnClimate.The Senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. Add your name if you agree:Watch: Professor Obama has a #SCOTUS lesson for obstructionists in the Senate. #DoYourJob"Not to let the Constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." @VPDon't let climate change deniers derail progressshow your support for bold action on climate change: #ActOnClimateThe fight to tackle climate change took a big step on Friday with hundreds of countries signing the #ParisAgreement.ICYMI: The U.S. and more than 170 other nations just signed the #ParisAgreementthe first ever global climate deal.We all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. Do your part#WearOrange on June 2.We're already seeing the effects of climate change. Denial is unacceptable. #ActOnClimateShow your support for bold moves to combat climate changeadd your name: #ActOnClimateCarbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate changeand President Obama is taking it head on."We have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system. #FixTheSystem"From our family to yours, chag sameach." President Obama #PassoverHappy #EarthDay.We can tackle climate changebut it's going to take all of us working together. #ActOnClimateBold action on climate change matters. #ActOnClimateSay you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change: #ActOnClimateThe Paris Agreement is a big deal. #ActOnClimate"'A strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once saidand nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." President ObamaPresident Obama is investing in a more sustainable future. #ActOnClimateWe can't let climate change deniers derail progresssay you stand for bold action: #ActOnClimateContinuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to #ActOnClimate.Last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power 17.5 million homes: #ActOnClimateAdd your name to support bold action to combat climate change: #ActOnClimateClimate change is realand it's devastating communities across the country. We have #ActOnClimate now.The wind energy industry keeps growinghere's the latest on its record-setting year: #ActOnClimateStand up today for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: #DoYourJobHappy National Park Week. Go #FindYourPark today.President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could have a big economic impact.Last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures. #ActOnClimateThis is unprecedented. #DoYourJobShow your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland: #DoYourJobEditorial boards are making their voices heard on the #SCOTUS nomination process. See what they're saying:Add your name if you think the Senate should give Judge Garland fair consideration:See what editorial boards are saying about Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing:This kind of Senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented. #DoYourJobClimate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country: #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at the #WHScienceFair.Tune in at 2:50 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the #WHScienceFair:Judge Garland is highly qualified for the Supreme Courthe deserves a hearing. #DoYourJobRead why having nine Supreme Court justices is critical for our judicial system: #DoYourJobIt's time. #EqualPayDay"Improving gender equality would add at least $2.1 trillion to U.S. gross domestic product by 2025." #EqualPayDayRetweet if you agree. #EqualPayDayStand up for equal payadd your name now: #EqualPayDay"I'm here to say we will close the wage gap." President Obama #EqualPayDayLIVE: President Obama is speaking about women's equality on #EqualPayDay.Tune in at 11:25 a.m. ET to watch as President Obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality:Side by side. #NationalPetDayWe cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our Supreme Court.It's time for the United States to #LeadOnLeaveshow your support if you agree:Retweet if you believe it's time for the United States to #LeadOnLeave.Speak up for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland: #DoYourJobThis is unprecedented. #DoYourJobAdd a comment if you agree: American workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck.Working families in America should have the basic security of paid sick leave. #LeadOnLeaveIf you think Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name: #DoYourJobLIVE: The President is at @UChicagoLaw discussing why Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.Tune in at 3:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the #SCOTUS nomination process at @UChicagoLaw:Read what a former @UChicagoLaw student learned from Professor Obama:Show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leaveadd a comment today: #LeadOnLeaveThe U.S. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leaveit's time to change that. #LeadOnLeaveThe Senate has more than enough time to give Judge Garland a fair up-or-down vote. #DoYourJobAdd your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing: #DoYourJobIf we don't #ActOnClimate now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century:Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out: #ActOnClimateTen million workers in California and New York now have better economic security: #RaiseTheWageLIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy.Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy:"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices." #DoYourJobAn overwhelming majority of Americans want a fair #SCOTUS nomination processadd your name if you're one of them:Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different. #DoYourJobStay informed and get the facts with the @OFA Truth Team:Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody."Another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues.The United States of America has the strongest, most durable economy in the worldand it's getting better.The economy added 215,000 jobs in Marcha record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth.This is ityour last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor:DEADLINE: Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight.You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago:Marriage equality. Obamacare. A global climate agreement. Push for more progress:Get weekly updates on everything from the #SCOTUS nomination process to climate change:Calling all supportersthe fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in:Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summerenter before tomorrow's deadline:Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline:Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: #DoYourJobMake a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrowpitch in now:A free flight to Chicago. A free hotel room. Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor. Enter now:Start your enginesthe big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in:Ever met a music legend? Here's your chancemeet James Taylor in Chicago this summer:Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate: #DoYourJobRead President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing: #DoYourJobJudge Garland deserves a fair hearing.Add your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer:LIVE: President Obama and @FLOTUS are participating in the annual White House #EasterEggRoll."We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." President Obama"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." President Obama #GoodFridayFollow @WeNeedNine for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. #FFTell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: #DoYourJobJudge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. Senators, it's time to #DoYourJob."I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." President Obama #DoYourJobJudge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate. #DoYourJobJoin @OFA in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote: #DoYourJobThe support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing. #DoYourJobLIVE: @VP Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote.Tune in at 12:30 p.m. ET to see @VP Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important:It's a paws-itively beautiful day. #NationalPuppyDayObamacare: Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since 2010.Obamacare is here to stay.20 million Americans covered: 9 in 10 Americans now have health insurance: Lowest uninsured rate on record:On the sixth anniversary of #Obamacare, stand with @OFA and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care:Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance:Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate. #DoYourJobTell Senate leaders: Your constituents expect you to #DoYourJob."Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely vote:Read from @business editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing:Check out how @OFA supporters are calling for a fair #SCOTUS hearing and timely up-or-down vote:Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration. #DoYourJobFridayMake your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland:Happy #StPatricksDay.Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out: #BaracketologyPresident Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified #SCOTUSnominee.Judge Garland is a qualified #SCOTUSnominee with past bipartisan approvalshow your support:Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote. #SCOTUSnomineeHAPPENING NOW: President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his #SCOTUSnominee:Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination processsign the petition:These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair #SCOTUS nomination hearings: #DoYourJobThis February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out: #ActOnClimateThere's a lot of misinformation out therehelp spread the facts with the @OFA Truth Team:Happy #PiDay.By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, Americans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a #SCOTUS nominee:Refusing to even meet with a #SCOTUS nominee has no basis in the Constitution. #DoYourJobIf you think the Senate should give President Obama's #SCOTUS nominee a fair hearing, add your name: #DoYourJobLIVE: President Obama is participating in a #SXSW2016 panel on civic engagement and technology.The Senate should fairly consider a #SCOTUS nomineesign the petition if you agree:Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying: #DoYourJobThe United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more: #ActOnClimateRefusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders: #DoYourJobSenators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list: #DoYourJob"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." @VPAdd your name if you think the Senate should do its job: #DoYourJob"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination:The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justicetell Senate leaders to do their jobs:From @VP Biden: Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the #SCOTUS nomination process.We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done. #InternationalWomensDay"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers: #ActOnClimate"If Selma taught us anything, its that our work is never done." President Obama #Selma51Refusing to hold hearings for a president's #SCOTUS nominee has never happened before.There is no excuse to delay the #SCOTUS nominationadd your name to @OFA's petition if you agree:Most Americans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the #SCOTUS nominee a fair hearing: #DoYourJobA well-qualified #SCOTUS nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote. #DoYourJobTake a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job: #DoYourJobIt's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's #SCOTUS nomineeand there's plenty of time to do so.February's 242,000 new jobs mean the American economy has been creating jobs for six straight years.The American economy continues its comeback.The economy added 242,000 jobs in Februarya record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth.The majority of Americans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy:LIVE: President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge.Sign the petitionjoin the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: #DoYourJobTune in at 12:50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge.This is what a consensus looks like. #DoYourJobDeliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work. #DoYourJobThe obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate: #DoYourJob.Refusing to consider a #SCOTUS nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible. #DoYourJobLeaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsiblesign the petition: #DoYourJobWe're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years: #ActOnClimateGet the facts on everything from a fair #SCOTUS nomination process to climate change:Today's the 55th birthday of the @PeaceCorps. Thanks to all who have served across the globe. #PeaceCorpsWeek2016It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote. #DoYourJob"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year." (h/t @washingtonpost)Sign @OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process:LIVE: President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers.Thanks to the #RecoveryAct, clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs.Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to dosay you support common-sense economic policies:Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long way.Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.LIVE: President Obama is highlighting the progress of the American economy.Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the #RecoveryAct.Tell the Senate: Stop playing games with our Supreme Court. #DoYourJobThe Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee. #DoYourJobAdd your name if you agree: Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable. #DoYourJobRetweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy. #DoYourJobThe solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time:This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders: #DoYourJobSign @OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process:President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his #SCOTUS nominee:Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate: #DoYourJob.With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay. #DoYourJobBe part of the team debunking myths with factsjoin the @OFA Truth Team:LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room.A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracyread more:Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senatesign @OFA's petition: #DoYourJobThe Senate should not play political games with our Supreme Court."The Senate also has a constitutional duty: to consider presidential nominees expeditiously." (h/t @latimes)Add your name to let the Senate know: The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics.Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impactapply to be an @OFA fellow today:The impact of climate change in one GIF: #ActOnClimateThe longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9% unemployment ratemiddle-class economics is working.It's official: January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record. #ActOnClimateRead what @VP Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery Act:In the past seven years, our economy has made real progress.This #Valentines Day, speak up for equality: #LoveIsLoveNo matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate #Valentines Day with pride. #LoveIsLoveStand against discriminationjoin the fight for equality. #LoveIsLoveRetweet if you believe #LoveIsLove.Watch President Obama thank @TheEllenShow for all she's done for the LGBT community: #LoveIsLoveRead President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and #WomenInSTEM:Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to explorefrom sea to shining sea. #FindYourParkPresident Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessorsand he's not done yet: #FindYourParkMarriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight:Show what you believeget the #LoveIsLove tee.Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination. #LoveIsLove"The fact is weve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." President ObamaLIVE: President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois.Tune in at 4:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois:Join the @OFA Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter:Say cheese. #NationalPizzaDayAn increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment. #ActOnClimateGood news: 2015 was another great year for clean energy growth. #ActOnClimateCriminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairnessadd your name: #FixTheSystemWe need to #FixTheSystem.Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look: #Obamacare"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to #ActOnClimate:Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990sbut there's more work to do.The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more:LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy.Middle-class economics is working.Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice systemadd your name now: #FixTheSystemIt's time to #FixTheSystem.Check out President Obama's message to @OFA supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress:Everyone has to pitch in to #StopGunViolence, including the private sector. Check out what @Facebook just did.Progress is not inevitableit depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it:LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Baltimore.More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle #Obamacare.Show your organizing pride.No fluff, just factsthat's the Truth Team way. Join now:There's just a few hours left to #GetCovered for 2016:Spread the word: Today is the last day to #GetCovered for 2016. #AreYouCoveredTODAY: The last day to check out your options and #GetCovered. Don't miss it.The end of the open enrollment is right around the cornermake sure your friends know how to #GetCovered:Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now: #GetCoveredThere's still time to #GetCoveredbut hurry:Just two days left to get #GetCovered for 2016.Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance #EqualPay for women.Add your name if you agree that equal work deserves #EqualPay:Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Acta step forward. But the fight isn't over.LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the importance of #EqualPay for women. #StandWithWomenTune in at 12:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts:Don't miss this deadline: #GetCoveredThe open enrollment period ends on Sundaytalk to your friends about how they can #GetCovered:Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and #GetCovered.Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends #GetCovered.It's not too lateget your vintage tee today.Scientists agree climate change is man-madeand we can do something about it. #ActOnClimate"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." President ObamaBefore Sunday: #GetCovered.Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more:Health care reform has helped millionsjoin the team that's fighting to protect it.A new study confirms that the #TPP will raise wages for American workers and grow our economy.Time's running out to #GetCovered before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options:Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change: #ActOnClimateJoin the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31:Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself: #ActOnClimate"If you havent looked at your new coverage options, youve still got time to get covered." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and #GetCovered:Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle #Obamacare more than 60 timesjoin the team that's fighting back:Check ups: covered under Obamacare. #GetCovered97 percent of climate scientists agree: Climate change is real and man-made. #ActOnClimate"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." President Obama #Roe43LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors.Be prepared for the cold. #GetCovered today:Get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance#GetCovered today:Fighting climate change: Creating jobs: The solar industry is booming."The American auto industry is all the way back." President Obama #MadeInAmericaIt's official: Last year was the hottest year on recordby a very wide margin. #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the American auto industry.Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry:Shop around: #GetCoveredRead how @OFA organizers are sharing their personal stories to help #StopGunViolence:American diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the #IranDeal. Read how:Because of American diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked. #IranDeal"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." President Obama #MLKDayHappy birthday, @FLOTUS. Thank you for all you do."Thats when America works bestwhen everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system.President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal landsa step forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate:LIVE: President Obama is answering questions from @smartereveryday, @sWooZ1e, and @ingridnilsen. #YouTubeAsksObamaTune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators:America now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to #Obamacare. Repealing it doesn't make sense.ICYMI: More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far.DEADLINE: Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1. #GetCoveredCheck out what @VP Biden told a group of @OFA supporters yesterday:Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years. #ActOnClimate"Thats the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." President Obama #SOTULIVE: President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress Americans have made and the path forward.Tune in at 11:05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana:LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward.LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking with @OFA supporters on the work ahead in 2016.RSVP for @OFA's call with @VP Biden at 3:15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it:Missed President Obama's final #SOTU last night? Check out his full remarks.Fired up from the #SOTU? RSVP to hear @VP talk about the work ahead with @OFA supporters:Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement: #SOTU"I believe in change because I believe in you." President Obama #SOTU"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, Ill be right there with you as a citizen." President Obama #SOTU"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." President Obama #SOTU"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesnt matter." President Obama #SOTU"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." President Obama #SOTU"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." President Obama #SOTU"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." President Obama #SOTU"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." President Obama #SOTU"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." President Obama #SOTUPresident Obama: The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment. #LeadOnTrade #SOTU"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." President Obama #SOTU"The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." President Obama #SOTU"Weve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." President Obama #SOTU"Gas under two bucks a gallon aint bad, either." President Obama #SOTU"On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year." President Obama #ActOnClimate #SOTU"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." President Obama #SOTU"Why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" President Obama #SOTU"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. Youll be pretty lonely." President Obama #SOTUGlobal action on climate change is happeningshow your support today: #ActOnClimate #SOTUWe have the responsibility to lead on climate change. #ActOnClimate #SOTU"America is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to Austin to Silicon Valley." President Obama #SOTU"That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." President Obama"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." President Obama #SOTU"Food Stamp recipients didnt cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." President Obama #SOTU"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." President Obama #SOTU"America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." President Obama #SOTU"Parties should work together to improve job security." President Obama #SOTUAnd counting. #SOTU"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldnt weaken them, we should strengthen them." President Obama #SOTUShare the facts. #SOTU"We have to make college affordable for every American." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity #SOTU"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." President Obama #SOTU"Real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." President Obama #SOTUStudents should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt. #SOTU"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." President Obama #SOTU #RaiseTheWage"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." President Obama #SOTU"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." President Obama #SOTU"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the 90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." President ObamaMiddle-class economics works. #SOTU"A basic: the United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." President Obama #SOTUChange only happens when you organize. #SOTU"We made change work for us, always extending Americas promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." President Obama #SOTU"I want to focus on our future." President Obama #SOTUPresident Obama: Ill keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. #SOTU"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." President Obama #SOTU"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." President Obama #SOTULIVE: President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now. #SOTUTune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight. #SOTUThe stage is settune in tonight. #SOTU"Its the last time well do this, but were not even close to done working." @VP Joe Biden on the #SOTUThe last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've come:One last time. #SOTUTonightit's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union. #SOTUGet ready for President Obama's final #SOTU, and add your voice to the conversation:President Obama's last State of the Union addressit's only a day away. #SOTUJanuary 12don't miss it. #SOTUAnother milestone to celebrate for wind powerand plenty of room to grow.Tuesday: #SOTU"Today, the American auto industry is back." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the American auto industry:Get readythis one is going to be good. #SOTURead President Obama's @NYTimes op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help #StopGunViolence in America:ICYMI: Listen to what President Obama said to @OFA supporters on a call about steps forward to #StopGunViolence.This doesn't have to be the new normaljoin the fight to help #StopGunViolence:Happening now: President Obama is speaking to @OFA supporters on how everyone can help #StopGunViolence.The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for American workers. Read more:The economy added 292,000 jobs in Decembera record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name: #GunsInAmericaDon't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to #StopGunViolence in Americatune in at 8 p.m. ET on @CNN.Almost time for President Obama's last #SOTUjoin the conversation:Watch what President Obama has to say about his final #SOTU.Don't miss this: #SOTUTwelve more months of progress to gosay you'll tune in:Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help #StopGunViolence in America:Congress canand shouldtake action to help #StopGunViolence. Add your name if you agree:"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." President Obama #StopGunViolencePresident Obama's common-sense actions will help #StopGunViolence. Now Congress needs to step up.Add your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help #StopGunViolence.LIVE: President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in America.Tune in at 11:40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help #StopGunViolence:This is itPresident Obama's final #SOTU. Say you'll be watching:Start the new year off the right way and #GetCovered now:"We know that we cant stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" President ObamaHello, 2016.Ring in the new year with the one you love.FINAL CALL: Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today.You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final #SOTU:LAST CALL: You could be going on a seven-day cruise to Alaskabut only if you enter today.Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further:DEADLINE: Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016.You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to Alaska:TONIGHT: Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline.Global climate action became a reality this yearkeep the progress going in 2016:Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016:Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state:Get readythe deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner.In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016:Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last #SOTU:Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to Alaska:Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for progress:Suit upit's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in:You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire:Seeking adventure? Find it in Alaska. Enter @OFA's contest today:Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter nowand you and a friend could be headed to Alaska:This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016and you can help:"Merry Christmas, everybody!" President ObamaMerry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yoursbig or small.Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. And polar bearssee them all in Alaska.Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action:Time to check this one off your bucket list:2015 has been a great year for progressbut there's still more work to do.Get your donation in before the door closes:Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself:Find out how @OFA organizers are gearing up to #ActOnClimate in their communitiesand how you can support this work:This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum:Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an #OFAdventure:2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded. #ActOnClimateBecome an @OFA Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change:Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to Alaska:"The number one reason Im optimistic going into 2016: It's youthe American people." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. Watch:Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat. Enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska:LIVE: President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room.Tune in at 1:50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference.Lend a handchip in to show your support for this grassroots movement.Bucket list: Go on a cruise Travel to Alaska Whale watching in the Arctic  Enter:This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in:What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an Alaskan adventure:LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center.Tune in at 12:15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement.Good news: You have two extra days to #GetCovered for the new year.This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it:The #ParisAgreement gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation.After years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand #UnitedOnClimate.Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance:DEADLINE: If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today.Thanks to American leadership, countries around the world are standing #UnitedOnClimate."I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." President Obama on the #ParisAgreementA trip to Alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to #ActOnClimate. Enter now:LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives."America, this will changebut only when we stand up, together, and demand it." President Obama #SandyHookLIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon.Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon:Say you stand with countries around the world who are #UnitedOnClimateadd your name: #ParisAgreementThis is huge: Almost every country in the world just signed on to the #ParisAgreement on climate changethanks to American leadership.Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why @OFA supporters are saying #EnoughAlready:8 out of 10 uninsured Americans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them: #GetCoveredStart the new year off right: #GetCoveredClimate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from Wisconsin:Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance: #GetCoveredWATCH: President Obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change. #ActOnClimateNations from around the world are coming together to #ActOnClimate. Join millions calling for real progress:LIVE: President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds Act. #ESSAWith American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change. #UnitedOnClimateThe world is #UnitedOnClimate. It's time to act.LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment.Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment:Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole: #DoSomethingClosing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer. #DoSomethingHundreds of nations are coming together to stand #UnitedOnClimateand you can join the conversation:The world is #UnitedOnClimateit's time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on board.The world is standing #UnitedOnClimate. It's time to act.Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loopholeadd your name if you agree: #DoSomethingCongress can #DoSomething about this.LIVE: President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe.Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the American people safe:"Here in America its way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." President ObamaWATCH: President Obama offers his condolences to the San Bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun laws.Obamacare is helping millions. Repealing it would be devastating to families across the country.Provisions in #Obamacare have helped save billions of dollars and more than 80,000 lives. Read more:Employers have added an average of 213,000 jobs a month over the past six months. We have to keep up this progress.The economy added 211,000 jobs in Novembera record-breaking 69 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.Countries all over the world are standing #UnitedOnClimatejoin the conversation to be part of this historic moment:This is a huge step forward. #UnitedOnClimateSixty years later, we remember the heroism of Rosa Parks and recommit to the fight for justice and equality.Climate change deniers are trying to undermine America's commitment to #ActOnClimate. Read more:Be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate changejoin the #UnitedOnClimate conversation: #COP21Stand up for global action on climate changeadd your name: #ActOnClimateThe global talks on climate change have begun. Join the conversation: #UnitedOnClimateWatch President Obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate change.Read why the international climate talks in Paris are so important: #COP21Enrolling is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered today:Show your support for American leadership in the international effort to #ActOnClimate:The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest step America's ever taken to tackle climate change.Post Thanksgiving to-do list: Sleep: Dishes. So many dishes: #GetCovered:Be thankful todayand don't forget to give back. #HappyThanksgiving"No matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." President Obama #HappyThanksgivingLIVE: President Obama is celebrating the 68th anniversary of the National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation.Read from @GinaEPA on how the United States is leading the international effort to #ActOnClimate:Read how @OFA volunteers in Tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care:Before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered: #GetCoveredNo more excuses. It's time to #ActOnClimate:Say you're ready for strong global efforts to #ActOnClimatedon't let climate change deniers prevent progress:Get a close look inside the first-ever @OFA Organizing Director Summit:One year ago the President took common-sense #ImmigrationActionbut a long-term fix still hasn't come from Congress.Happy birthday @VP. Here's to a great year.Getting help is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered today:Record-breaking temperatures in October keeps 2015 on track to be the hottest year ever:Don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action: #ActOnClimateIt's crucial to #ActOnClimateand this is just one way the Clean Power Plan is a step forward."Progress isnt guaranteed. Its not inevitable. Its something that has to be fought for." President ObamaThe international community is committed to #ActOnClimateshow your support for global action:Progress on tackling climate change is happeningand we can't go back. #ActOnClimateThe health care marketplace is openfor a limited time. Now's your chance to #GetCovered.Say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to #ActOnClimateadd your name:Hundreds of hardworking @OFA organizers came together at the #OFAFallSummit to drive their work forwardtake a look:Don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to #ActOnClimate:In two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to #ActOnClimatethis is a big deal.The U.S. has already tripled wind and solar energy since 2008. The Clean Power Plan will continue that progress.The Clean Power Plan is a vital step to #ActOnClimate and improve public health.Get the facts on important issues like climate changejoin the OFA Truth Team:You might be able to get an even better health care plan. Shop around today: #GetCoveredThe security of affordable health care might make you dance: #GetCoveredMan-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. Read more: #ActOnClimateThe fight for common-sense #ImmigrationAction isn't over. Read more:Read from veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer Jon Powers on why it's time to #ActOnClimate:Be covered this wintercheck out your options now: #GetCovered"On this day and every day, we thank you." President Obama #VeteransDayLIVE: President Obama is honoring veterans at Arlington National Cemetery. #VeteransDayICYMI: The unemployment rate is now at a seven-year low.Make sure to check this off your list: #GetCoveredPresident Obama explains why the #TPP is good for American workers and the middle class:"I'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." President Obama to @OFA volunteers #OFAFallSummit"I need you to stay involved. I need you to stay active." President Obama #OFAFallSummit"I may only hold this office for the next 14 months, but I'm not going anywhere." President Obama #OFAFallSummit"When the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. We've got proof." President Obama"We've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." President Obama #OFAFallSummit"Your organizing skills are more important than ever."President Obama #OFAFallSummit"You know we've got more work to do. You wouldn't be here if you didn't think we have more work to do."President Obama #OFAFallSummit"Even as our economy is growing, America's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." President Obama"We've covered 17.6 million Americans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." President Obama #OFAFallSummit"We've seen the longest streak of private-sector job creation on recordthat happened because of you." President Obama #OFAFallSummit"You figure out what's important in your communities and you organize around it."President Obama at the #OFAFallSummit"You be the change you want to come about."President Obama #OFAFallSummit"Together, we created a movement for change that couldn't be denied."President Obama #OFAFallSummit"It's always good to be with OFA. It's a little bit like coming home."President Obama #OFAFallSummitLIVE: President Obama is speaking to @OFA volunteers at the #OFAFallSummit."It was never about yes he canit was about yes we can." @Simas44 #OFAFallSummit"For the first time, more than 90% of Americans are covered." President Obama #GetCoveredIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses why it's so important to #GetCovered:Retweet if you support American leadership on climate change. #ActOnClimateThe President just rejected #KeystoneXL. Add your name to support strong action on climate change: #ActOnClimate"If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." President Obama #ActOnClimate"Shipping crude oil into our country would not increase America's energy security." President Obama #KeystoneXL"Today, in 41 states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $2 a gallon." President Obama #KeystoneXL"In fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL"The pipeline would not lower gas prices for American consumers." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL"If Congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL"The pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXLBREAKING: President Obama just took another huge step to #ActOnClimate by rejecting the #KeystoneXL pipeline.LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement.The economy added 271,000 jobs in Octobera record-breaking 68 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.The #TPP eliminates 18,000 taxes that other countries put on American goods. #LeadOnTradeMore American-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home: #TPP"When we have a level playing field, Americans out-compete anyone in the world." President Obama #LeadOnTradeNegotiations on the #TPP are complete, and the full text is now available online. Find out more: #LeadOnTradeMore than two dozen states and cities are fighting to #ActOnClimate by defending the Clean Power Plan:Finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered:A vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget dealdon't let that happen. Show your support:Get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care enrollment:The marketplace is open againshop around and find a plan that works for you: #GetCoveredWorking hard in America shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. #LeadOnLeaveLIVE: President Obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals.Tune in at 4:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration: #CriminalJusticeReformHere's what happened when 35 passionate student organizers came together to learn how to improve their impact:Under #Obamacare, the uninsured rate in the United States is at the lowest level on record.Nearly 8 in 10 uninsured Americans may be eligible for financial help. Check out your options: #GetReadyGetCoveredOpen enrollment is back: #GetReadyGetCoveredPost Halloween checklist: Coffee: Brunch: Health insurance: #GetReadyGetCoveredThe health care marketplace is open again. Check out your options now: #GetCoveredDon't miss your chance to #GetCovered:Trick-or-treat? #HappyHalloweenMake sure you #GetCovered tomorrowbefore you eat too much Halloween candy."Every year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform:Don't miss it. #GetCoveredWatch as President Obama and @FLOTUS welcome children to trick-or-treat at the White House:Passionate student organizers came together at @OFA's Campus Organizing Summit. Find out more:DYK: Under #Obamacare, millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn 26."I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." President ObamaSpread the word: There are nearly 10.5 million uninsured Americans who may be eligible to #GetCovered in 2016.Read @ShaunOMB's op-ed on how science and data are helping the U.S. focus on the long-term costs of climate change:Big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progressfight back:17.6 million Americans have gained coverage under #Obamacarethats a BFD.Don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the Clean Power Planshow your support: #ActOnClimateOpen enrollment is right around the corner. #GetCoveredIf you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name: #ActOnClimateAmerica's mayors are calling for Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence.Retweet to spread the word. #GetCoveredLIVE: President Obama is speaking at the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference and Exposition.At 3 p.m. ET, watch President Obama address the International Association of Chiefs of Police in Chicago:LIVE: President Obama is welcoming the @ussoccer_wnt to celebrate their World Cup victory. #SheBelievesNew federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. Show your support: #ActOnClimate"We've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." President ObamaThis is why the Clean Power Plan matters. #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is hosting a panel at the White House on criminal justice reform.Organizers in New Mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. Read how:LIVE: President Obama is in West Virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse.Tune in at 2:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama host a community forum on drug abuse.A new poll shows that a majority of Americans want common-sense laws on gun sales: #DoSomethingAction on climate change can't waitwhich is why the Clean Power Plan is so important.Eighty-one companies support a global agreement to #ActOnClimate:ICYMI: Yesterday marked the official adoption of the #IranDeal:Diali came to @OFA to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in organizing. Read more:"The United States is home to 5% of the worlds population, but 25% of the worlds prisoners." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system.Retweet if you agree it's time to #ActOnClimate.Coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to #ActOnClimate: It's time for deniers to get on board.Under the Obama administration, the deficit is down nearly 75 percentthe lowest it's been since 2007.Add your name to the thousands of people asking Congress to stand up and #DoSomething about gun violence:LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month.Tune in at 4:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at an event celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month.See where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change: #ActOnClimateClimate change denial is at a record lowjust not in Congress. Read more: #ActOnClimateMake your sweet tooth happyit's #NationalDessertDay.Hundreds of organizers recently gathered in New Mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. Read more:Another reason why it's so important to #ActOnClimate:Read why @GovEdRendell thinks #TPP will be good for manufacturing and boost products #MadeInAmerica:Former Washington Governor Christine Gregoire on why the #TPP will help protect the environment:Expanding Medicaid isn't just practicalit's the right thing to do. #PeopleOverPoliticsRepealing #Obamacare is still a bad idea.Keep the conversation on gun violence going until Congress will #DoSomething about it:"Outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantageand TPP will change that." President Obama #TPPIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the #TPP will put American workers first.Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaperthe #SwitchToClean energy is happening.Add your name to the list of people asking Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence:Check out how these @OFA volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community: #DoSomethingRetweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to put politics aside and #DoSomething about gun violence.Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's time for Congress to #DoSomething to prevent gun violence tragedies:"This will not change until the politics change." President Obama on gun violence #DoSomethingTake a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention: #DoSomethingAdd your name if you agree it's time for Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence in America.LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the @WhiteHouse Summit on Worker Voice.An @OFA volunteer reflects on the trainings she receivedthat helped her land her dream job.Stand up for American workersadd your name if you agree it's time to #LeadOnTrade.The #TPP establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in history.The more U.S. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at homeanother reason to #LeadOnTrade:"I refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." President Obama #OurOcean2015Add your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history: #LeadOnTradeGreat news: President Obama just secured a trade deal that puts American workers first. #LeadOnTradeTwenty-three years and still going strong. Here's to many more. #HappyAnniversary"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to pass a real budget.Private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking 67 straight monthsbut there's more to do.More than 10,000 people die from gun violence in the U.S. each yearthat can change.Our thoughts and prayers are not enoughit's time to take action.Organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violencestate by state. Read more:LAST CALL: Enter for a chance to meet President Obama.DEADLINE: Tonight. Time to make your movechip in now.This is your chance to meet President Obama. (No joke.)You and a guest could fly to D.C. and meet the President. Enter now for your chance:Give this grassroots movement a liftbecome a recurring donor today:Enter before midnight and youand your BFFcould meet the President this fall.Better hurrythe deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight.Want to hear that laugh in person? Throw your name in before tonight's deadline:Enter now and you could meet President Obama in D.C. this fall:Coffee: Fall sweater: Meeting the President: ? Enter before #NationalCoffeeDay ends:Chip in to fight for real, lasting change:Give it your best shotenter today for your chance to meet the President:In an interview with @RollingStone, President Obama lays out why we need to #ActOnClimate before it's too late.This movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. Help keep it goingchip in $5 or more today:Watch a #VICEonHBO clip about President Obama's historic visit to a federal prison:Don't miss the chance to meet President Obama this fallall you have to do is enter:Want to be the one walking through that door? Enter the contest now:Beat the buzzerthe big fundraising deadline is almost here.Time's running outdon't miss your chance to meet President Obama.Do you hear that? It's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. Chip in now:Fall is hereand so is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:Walk the walksupport the team that's fighting for today's important issues.Climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generationsand @pontifex agrees: #ActOnClimateYou could win a chance to meet President Obama. (Let that sink in.) Enter now:Don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. Chip in now:With less than a week left to avert a shutdown, Congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care. #EnoughAlreadyChange starts with people working together. Read how volunteers in Tucson are organizing to make change a reality:Give your #SquadGoals an upgradeenter now to meet President Obama:17.6 million Americans coveredthat's a number to celebrate: #ObamacareWatch @Pontifex say why it's so important for everyone to come together to #ActOnClimate. #PopeInDCDress to impressyou could win the chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:"Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." President ObamaLIVE: Watch as @Pontifex is welcomed to the White House. #PopeInDCGet your camera readythis is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:LIVE: President Obama and others are greeting @Pontifex at Joint Base Andrews.America doesn't need another shutdownmembers of Congress need to do their job and pass a budget. Read more:Hope you're readyfall is here.Read how @OFA volunteers in Tucson are working hard to bring change to their community.Climate change is realand it's time to act. (h/t @washingtonpost)"Theres nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a budget.LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House screening of @Vice's documentary on criminal justice reform.When women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. Read more:Retweet if you agree. #LeadOnLeaveIt's time to #LeadOnLeavebecause what's good for workers and families is good for the economy:The uninsured rate continues to falland that's no accident. Read about how #Obamacare is making a difference:"If you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." President Obama #ConstitutionDayInvestments in clean energy are boosting the economywhile fighting climate change. #ActOnClimateStates and cities from the U.S. and China are pledging to #ActOnClimateyears earlier than national targets.Since President Obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.Obamacare is workingand it's lowering the uninsured rate:Since President Obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds.LIVE: President Obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the @BizRoundtable.Listen to President Obama's advice on going to college for high school seniorsincluding his oldest daughter.Be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts:LIVE: President Obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students.Tune in at 4:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability with high school students in Iowa:"From my family to yours, Shanah Tovah." President Obama on #RoshHashanah"Everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses another step in expanding #CollegeOpportunity."The events of September 11, 2001, left a permanent mark on the spirit of every American." President Obama"This vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." President Obama on the #IranDeal voteRetweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it. #CollegeOpportunity"I want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." President ObamaProgress happens when people fight for it. Join the movementsay you're in:"I believe that working Americans should have the basic security of paid leave." President Obama #LeadOnLeaveLIVE: President Obama and @DrBiden discuss the administration's plan to expand #CollegeOpportunity.Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama and @DrBiden speak in Michigan on expanding #CollegeOpportunity.Solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. Find out more:Get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates: #IranDealThe Obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local level.Check out Secretary of State @JohnKerry's op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the #IranDeal.The #IranDeal has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation experts.Today, America celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. Happy #LaborDay.Today President Obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about 300,000 federal workers. #LeadOnLeaveLIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Greater Boston Labor Council #LaborDay Breakfast."Plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working Americans." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a budget and avoid a shutdown.It's a beautiful world. Let's fight to protect it.Go behind the lens with @PeteSouza's photo gallery from President Obama's recent trip to Alaska.DEADLINE: Today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules. #FixOvertimeHigher wages, 173,000 jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good newsbut there's more work to do.The economy added 173,000 jobs in Augusta record-breaking 66 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.Under the #IranDeal, Iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. Learn more:Tomorrow is the last dayadd your name if you agree it's time to #FixOvertime for millions of middle-class families:Read why it's crucial to #FixOvertime protections for millions of working families.Read how the Obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working Americans.President Obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to Alaska. Check it out:"Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." President Obama #ActOnClimateClimate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." President ObamaGet a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's trip to Alaskathe front lines in the fight against climate change.Make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before Friday's deadline: #FixOvertimeIt's official: Mount McKinley is now Denali.Read what former U.S. Secretary of State @Madeleine Albright has to say about the #IranDeal.Find out how @OFA is giving organizers around the country the training and management skills they need to succeed."As long as Im President, America will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses his upcoming trip to Alaska and pledges to #ActOnClimate.Read @AmbassadorPower's thoughts on why it's vital for Congress to stand by the #IranDeal.These professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that matter.Add your namebecause in 2015, equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial. #StandWithWomenLIVE: President Obama is speaking about the rebuilding of New Orleans ten years after Hurricane Katrina. #Katrina10Tune in at 4:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss #Katrina10 and the rebirth of New Orleans.Add your name if you believe that when women succeed, America succeeds: #StandWithWomenMeet Alexaan @OFA supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than now.One organizer is sharing her story about continuing the fight for womens rights:This #WomensEqualityDay, say you'll continue the fight for progress.The fight for equality is not over. #WomensEqualityDay"No challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." President Obama #ActOnClimateThanks @NatlParkService for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for 99 yearsand counting. #FindYourParkThese fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital organizing skills. Read more:Want to join the conversation on the #IranDeal? Add your name to get more information.LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Clean Energy Summit. #NCES8Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas: #NCES8President Obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to #SwitchToClean energy:Investing in renewable energy helps fight climate changeand creates jobs. #ActOnClimateFind out how one young organizer is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into action.Read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the #IranDeal."Congress left town for five full weeksand they left behind a stack of unfinished business." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a responsible budget.Add your name to get important information about the #IranDealand make sure you have all the facts:Leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the #IranDeal.Today, two women are making historybecoming the first to graduate from the @USArmy's Ranger School:July was the hottest month ever recorded:This is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change. #ActOnClimateGetting the full story on something as big as the #IranDeal is important. Add your name to stay informed:Follow the new "Letters to President Obama" Tumblrstarting with a letter thanking the President for #Obamacare:Dont let climate change deniers set us back. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan:Give 42 a round of applause today. Happy birthday, @BillClinton.Change starts with one voice speaking out. Read one organizers story about the fight for womens rights:New limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health: #ActOnClimateBe part of the @OFATruthTeamand fight back with facts:Climate change deniers want to stop the Clean Power Plan. Dont let themadd your name today: #ActOnClimateAdd your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air: #ActOnClimateRead about President Obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills: #ActOnClimateWATCH: Find out why President Obama is heading to Alaska at the end of the month.Take a stand with state leaders committed to #ActOnClimate. Show your support for the Clean Power Plan:Jon traveled 3,000 miles to change the conversation about climate change. Read more: #ActOnClimateIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. Watch now:A majority of Americans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in America:Studies show that #Obamacare is not killing full-time jobs like critics claim:These three Marines lowered the American flag in #Cuba in 1961. Today, they raised it again:Today is the 80th birthday of #SocialSecuritya lifeline to millions of Americans.Read about Jon's 3,000 mile journey to fight climate change: #ActOnClimateRetweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change. #ActOnClimateRead President Obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the Voting Rights Act:President Obama is heading to Alaskathe front lines in the fight against climate change.Expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families. #FixOvertimeThe uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first timethanks to #Obamacare:Expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. Add your voice to show support: #FixOvertimeRead these stories from working moms and see why we need to #FixOvertime:"What makes America special is our capacity to change." President ObamaRead about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of Americansand women in particular: #FixOvertimeA new report shows that wind energy is boomingand now provides 73,000 jobs in the U.S. Read more: #ActOnClimateCheck it out: President Obama answers tough questions on the #IranDeal in an interview with @micnews.Renewable energy is good for the economy. #ActOnClimateThe President took readers' questions on the #IranDeal in an interview with @micnews. Check it out:DYK: States that embraced #Obamacare and expanded Medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured rates.Show your support for this historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate:"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." President Obama #VRA50In the weekly address, the President commemorates the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act: #VRA50ICYMI: Read President Obama's thoughts on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. #VRA50Cleaner air is safer air. #ActOnClimateThe economy is still improvingbut there's more work to do. Read more about the latest jobs report:The economy added 215,000 jobs in Julymarking a record-breaking 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth."You've been a great gift to the country." President Obama to Jon Stewart on @TheDailyShow #JonVoyageLIVE: President Obama is speaking about the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. #VRA50Find out how you can support the Clean Power Plan. Read President Obama's message: #ActOnClimateStand with state leaders who are fighting to #ActOnClimate with the Clean Power Plan:From @Deese44: Read why the Clean Power Plan is vital to the fight against climate change: #ActOnClimate"It is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." President Obama #IranDeal"As members of Congress reflect on their pending decision, I urge them to set aside political considerations. President Obama #IranDeal"As Americans, we should be proud of this achievement." President Obama #IranDeal"Now we have before us a solution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." President Obama #IranDeal"President Kennedy warned Americans not to see conflict as inevitable. It is time to apply such wisdom. President Obama #IranDeal"I have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." President Obama #IranDeal"When we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny. President Obama #IranDeal"If Iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." President Obama #IranDeal"Worry less about being labeled weak. Worry more about getting it right. President Obama #IranDeal"How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" President ObamaThe choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war. President Obama #IranDealWalk away from this agreement and you will get a better dealfor Iran. President Obama #IranDealThose who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy. President Obama #IranDeal"We will continue to have sanctions in place on Iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights."President Obama #IranDealThere is no scenario where sanctions relief turns Iran into the region's dominate power. President Obama #IranDealAn argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution. President Obama #IranDeal"Without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in 15 years could happen six months from now." President Obama"The bottom line is, if Iran cheats, we can catch themand we will." President Obama #IranDealThis deal is not just the best choice among alternativesthis is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever. President ObamaIf Iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place. President Obama #IranDeal"Iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." President Obama #IranDeal"This deal shuts off the type of covert program Iran has pursued in the past. President Obama #IranDeal"In July, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." President Obama #IranDeal"What was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." President Obama #IranDealThe progress of Iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade. President Obama #IranDeal"It was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on Iran." President Obama #IranDeal"Winning this global buy-in was not easy. I know. I was there." President Obama #IranDeal"What made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new U.N. Security Council resolutions." President Obama #IranDealIt was our very willingness to negotiate that helped America rally the world to our cause. President Obama #IranDeal"I have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." President Obama #IranDeal"Even before taking office, I made clear that Iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." President Obama #IranDeal"The question then is not whether to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." President Obama #IranDeal"Now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." President Obama #IranDealMore than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade Iraq. President Obama #IranDealLIVE: President Obama is speaking at @AmericanU about the importance of the #IranDeal.Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the historic #IranDeal at @AmericanU:Help President Obama celebrate another great yearwish him a happy birthday: #44turns54The Clean Power Plan is the most important step we've ever taken to #ActOnClimateshow your support:WATCH: We only get one planetthat's why it's so important to #ActOnClimate.It's President Obama's birthday. Wish him a happy 54th: #44Turns54If you're committed to #ActOnClimate, support the Clean Power Planadd your name now:LIVE: President Obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the Clean Power Plan. #ActOnClimateTune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the importance of the Clean Power Plan: #ActOnClimateCelebrate President Obama's birthday by wishing him a happy 54th: #44Turns54Guess who has a birthday coming up? (Hint: It's #44.)"This week ... Medicare and Medicaid turned 50 years old. And thats something worth celebrating." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the impact of Medicare and Medicaid on the 50th anniversary:To: President Obama Happy 54th! From: You Wish the Commander-in-Chief a happy birthday:Tell the Organizer-in-Chief happy birthdaysign @OFA's card: #44Turns54Across the country, @OFA volunteers are making a difference in the fight to #RaiseTheWage:Sign @OFA's birthday card for President Obama: #44Turns54Help President Obama cap off a great year. Wish him a happy birthday: #44Turns54Solar energy is booming. #ActOnClimateYou don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate change:ICYMI: Some of America's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution. #ActOnClimateStudy shows #Obamacare leads to fewer uninsured Americans, better health, and improved access to care:Read how @OFA is training the next generation of digital organizers: #OFAFellowsJoin the team that's spreading the truth on the most important issues:It's the final week of #NationalIceCreamMonthbetter take advantage.American businesses are pledging $140 billion to reduce carbon pollution and #ActOnClimate:"We should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. Thats what Wall Street reform does." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the progress we've made because of Wall Street reform:See what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker: #RaiseTheWageSome states are making real progress to #RaiseTheWage. Read more:Have questions about the historic #IranDeal? Follow @TheIranDeal for information and updates. #FFInvesting in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. Read more:States across the country are taking action to #RaiseTheWage for hard-working residents:Great news: Jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four decades.Carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. Read more: #ActOnClimateThe President's #ImmigrationAction will be good for the economybut opponents are standing in the way:Check out the President's final appearance on @TheDailyShowand his newest "executive order":Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. Stand up for a society that's ready for a changing America:Opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress:"We still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." President Obama #ADA25"This is not just about American rights. It's about human rights." President Obama #ADA25"A few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more Americans with disabilities." President Obama"Days like today are a celebration of our history. But they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." President Obama #ADA25LIVE: The President is speaking about the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.Tune in at 5:00 p.m. ET to watch the President speak on the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act:"We are not just Americans, but citizens of Earth." @StationCDRKellyStand with the President's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement:"This deal will make America and the world safer and more secure." President Obama on the #IranDealIn the weekly address, President Obama explains the comprehensive #IranDeal:Read how @OFA volunteers are pushing to #RaiseTheWage in their communities:Yesterday, President Obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. Read some of the highlights:"From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" President ObamaRead why these three congressmen believe #Obamacare is working:Read how President Obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice reform:LIVE: The President is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households.Tune in at 6:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about ensuring internet access for all Americans:Taking #ImmigrationAction is the right thing to do.LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the #IranDeal.Read the emotional exchange between the President and a former addict:"If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... America will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." President Obama"We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." President Obama"We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfectmile after mile, step after step." President Obama"Justice and redemption go hand in hand." President Obama"Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." President Obama"Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." President Obama"Justice is not only the absence of oppressionit is the presence of opportunity." President Obama"Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." President Obama"I've asked my Attorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." President Obama"We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." President Obama"On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." President Obama"We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." President Obama"For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentencesor get rid of them entirely." President Obama"Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." President Obama"We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." President Obama"We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." President Obama"What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." President Obama"We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." President Obama"One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." President Obama"If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." President Obama"I believe crime is like any other epidemicwe need to stop it before it starts." President Obama"For the first time in 40 years, America's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." President Obama"This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." President Obama"Mass incarceration makes our country worse offand we need to do something about it." President Obama"Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." President Obama"Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." President Obama"Around one million fathers are behind bars. Around one in nine African-American kids has a parent in prison." President Obama"African Americans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." President Obama"A growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." President Obama"African Americans and Latinos make up 30 percent of our population. They make up 60 percent of our inmates." President Obama"Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." President Obama"For $80 billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in America." President Obama"Every year, we spend $80 billion to keep those folks incarcerated." President Obama"In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." President Obama"Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." President Obama"If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." President Obama"Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." President Obama"In 1980, there were 500,000 people behind bars in America ... Today, there are 2.2 million." President Obama"The United States is home to 5 percent of the world's population, but 25 percent of the world's prisoners." President Obama"In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." President Obama"There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in America." President Obama"We can't be satisfiedare not satisfieduntil the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in America." President Obama #NAACP106"Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." President Obama"We made progress, but our work is not done." President Obama #NAACP106"I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NAACP." President Obama"Let's get something out of the way up front: I am not singing today." President ObamaLIVE: The President is speaking about criminal justice reform at the @NAACP National Convention. #NAACP106Tune in at 4:05 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver remarks at the @NAACP's National Convention: #NAACP106Congratulations to @NASANewHorizons on completing a three-billion-mile journey. #PlutoFlybyWATCH: Get the facts on why it's time to #FixOvertime protections for millions of workers.Read the President's op-ed in @AARP on the importance of protecting Americans retirement savings:LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 White House Conference on Aging. #WHCOATune in at 11:15 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks at the @WhiteHouse Conference on Aging: #WHCOA"Too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." President ObamaIn the weekly address, the President discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the Fair Housing Act:The President just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land:The uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to datethanks to #Obamacare:Be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change: #OFActionEveryone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love. #LoveIsLoveRead @VP Biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place: #LoveIsLoveThanks to #Obamacare, women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive costs.Add your name if you think its time to expand overtime protections for hard-working Americans: #FixOvertime"You inspired a whole new generation of young women." President Obama to the @ussoccer_wnt #SheBelievesAdd your namebecause a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay: #FixOvertimeExpanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. Read more: #FixOvertimeRead how the Obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar energy:Add your name if you think it's time to #FixOvertime protections for hard-working Americans:Expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million Americans. Show your supportadd your name today:ICYMI: Read why President Obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class workers.Because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay."Good luck to the U.S. Womens National Team in the World Cup Final!" President Obama #SheBelieves"From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Fourth of July." President ObamaHappy Fourth of July.Updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million American workers: #FixOvertime"Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless America." President Obama"If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." President Obama"The last seven yearsshoot, the last seven daysshould remind us there's nothing America cannot do." President Obama"When the playing field is level, American workers always win." President Obama"No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." President Obama"In America, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." President Obama"This is an issue of basic fairness: If you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." President Obama #FixOvertime"Over the past couple of years, 17 states, almost 30 counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." President Obama"We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." President Obama"Folks forget sometimesunions are what helped bring about the 40-hour work week." President Obama"We need to boost the minimum wage. Give America a raise." President Obama #RaiseTheWage"The bottom line is: Top-down economics doesn't work. Middle-class economics works." President Obama"We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." President Obama"Middle-class economics works." President Obama"Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." President Obama"The uninsured rate in America is now the lowest on record." President Obama #ACAWorks"We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." President Obama"Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." President Obama"We've added nearly 900,000 new manufacturing jobs." President Obama"And by the way, our teachers are underpaid." President Obama"We've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." President Obama #FixOvertime"12.8 million new jobs, and that's goodbut we've got more work to do." President Obama"All told, we've now seen 64 straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." President Obama"This morning, we learned that our businesses created another 223,000 jobs last month." President Obama"America has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." President Obama"The freedom to marry who you lovethat's now open to all of us. That's a good thing." President Obama #LoveWins"It's been a remarkable few weeks in America." President Obama"No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an American." President ObamaLIVE: President Obama is at @UWLaCrosse speaking about economic progress.Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about the progress made on the economy:In the past two years, the U.S. economy has created 5.6 million jobsthe strongest two-year job growth since 2000:The economy added 223,000 jobs in Junemarking 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.Three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to #ActOnClimate:We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." President Obama #ACAWorks"I'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." President Obama #ACAWorks"This wasn't about politicsthis was about people." President Obama"The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." President Obama"I'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." President Obama #ACAWorks"Not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." President Obama #ACAWorksPresident Obama: #Obamacare has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable."You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." President Obama"Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." President ObamaLIVE: The President is speaking about the benefits of #Obamacare and how to continue progress on health care reform.Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch the President discuss how we can build on the progress made under #Obamacare:LAST CALL: Enter for your chance to fly to Hawaii and relax in paradise.Say you'll keep up the fightshow your support and chip in before midnight:BUZZER BEATER: There's not a lot of time left on the clock. Chip in $5 now.TONIGHT: Don't miss your chance to see Hawaii. Enter before the deadline."Too many Americans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." President Obama on overtime payDon't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline:Help break the silence on gun violence in America. Join the fight for common-sense reform:You've never seen greens like this. Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Hawaii:Chip inthe deadline is quickly approaching:Organizing in paradisethe only thing missing is you:Add your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in America:"For too long, weve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." President ObamaSign up for your chance to see firsthand how organizing is making a difference in Hawaii:Better hurrythe deadline to chip in is right around the corner:You could be organizing in paradise:The President is acting where he can, but we need Congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system. #ImmigrationActionOver the past two years, the Houses failure to take #ImmigrationAction has cost the country $26.8 billion.The bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $1.2 trillion. #ImmigrationActionTwo years ago today, the Senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority. #ImmigrationAction"The Affordable Care Act still stands. It is working, and it is here to stay." President Obama #ACAWorksIn the weekly address, the President reaffirms how the Supreme Court ruling on #Obamacare is a victory for America:LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Charleston honoring the life of Reverend Clementa Pinckney.Watch the President's full statement on the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality. #LoveWinsHistory. #LoveWinsRetweet to spread the word. #LoveWinsThis ruling is a victory for friends, families, and organizers who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality. #LoveWins"America should be very proud." President Obama #LoveWins"Those countless, often anonymous heroesthey deserve our thanks." President Obama #LoveWins"What a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." President Obama #LoveWins"Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." President Obama #LoveWins"America is a place where you can write your own destiny." President Obama #LoveWins"For all our differences, we are one peoplestronger together than we could ever be alone." President Obama #LoveWins"When all Americans are treated as equal, we are all more free." President Obama #LoveWins"This ruling is a victory for America." President Obama #LoveWins"All people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." President Obama #LoveWins"This morning the Supreme Court recognized the Constitution guarantees marriage equality." President Obama #LoveWins"We are all created equal." President Obama #LoveWinsLIVE: President Obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality. #LoveWinsAffordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few."This was a good day for America. Let's get back to work." President Obama #ACAWorks"That's when America soarswhen we look out for one another." President Obama #ACAWorks"What we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of America." President Obama #ACAWorks"We're making progress. We're going to keep working to get more people covered." President Obama #ACAWorks"With this case behind us, let's be clear: We've got more work to do." President Obama #ACAWorks"This reform remains what it's always been: a set of fair rules and tougher protections." President Obama #ACAWorks"Across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." President Obama"Five years in, this is no longer about a law ... This is health care in America." President Obama #ACAworks"This law is now helping tens of millions of Americans." President Obama #ACAWorks"This is not a set of political talking points. This is reality. This law is working." President Obama #ACAWorks"As the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than 16 million Americans have gained coverage so far." President Obama"America would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." President Obama"The Affordable Care Act is here to stay." President Obama #ACAWorks"When the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." President Obama #ACAWorks"In America, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." President ObamaLIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's #Obamacare ruling.Tune in to hear the President give a statement about today's #Obamacare ruling at 11:30 a.m. ET:Hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. Enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand:Repealing #Obamacare: still a bad idea.More Americans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bankthanks to #Obamacare.Aloha, Oahu:Hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. Celebrate that progressand you could win a free trip:It doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to Hawaii. Enter today:New report: Left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health. #ActOnClimateGame on. #SheBelievesThe benefits of fighting climate change are clearthe sooner we #ActOnClimate, the better off we'll be.Repealing #Obamacare would leave 19 million Americans without the security of health care:If #Obamacare is repealed, the national debt could increase by $137 billion:It's a win-win. #ActOnClimate"In a relentlessly-changing economy, weve got more work to do." President Obama on growing economic opportunityFighting climate change with solar power creates jobs. #PutSolarOnItIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all Americans:Retweet if you agree.The EPA's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution: #ActOnClimateLegislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. It's time to fight back: #StandWithWomenReducing carbon pollution is a job creator. Read more from @GinaEPA: #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in South Carolina."From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." President ObamaFind out why it's economically beneficial to #ActOnClimate from @GinaEPA:Follow up: More on bees.This is an ongoing battle. Be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights: #StandWithWomenIn only three months, state legislators introduced 332 provisions restricting choice: #StandWithWomenInvesting in the clean energy industry is an important way to #ActOnClimate.These investments put us $4 billion closer to clean energy solutions: #ActOnClimateLet's. Go. Hawks.Economic growth is just one way #DACAworks. See how your state will benefit from more #ImmigrationAction:Because #DACAworks, hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the American dream."On Flag Day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." President Obama #FlagDay"Trade thats fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." President Obama #LeadOnTradeIn the weekly address, the President discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we #LeadOnTrade:States like Hawaii are leading the fight against climate change: #SwitchToCleanRead why President John F. Kennedy believed trade was integral to Americas prosperity and security: #LeadOnTradeThis is what's at stake for workers across the country if Congress votes no on expanding TAA:For 41 years, TAA has been a lifeline for millions of workers. Today, Congress can make sure that lifeline continues.From @CarolineKennedy: Why it's so important for the United States to #LeadOnTrade:200 trillion gallons of rain fell in Maythe wettest month on record. #ActOnClimateExpanding #CollegeOpportunity is vital to America's success in a global economy:Climate change is already affecting our communities. That's why the President is taking steps to #ActOnClimate now.Hawaii just set a goal of generating 100 percent of its electricity from renewable resources: #SwitchToCleanThis is how #Obamacare is making health care in America better:Stand up for expanding #CollegeOpportunity for hard-working students:"Its up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all Americans." President Obama #ACAWorksAccording to a recent poll, a clear majority of Americans don't want federal #Obamacare subsidies rolled back:LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the benefits of #Obamacare at @TheCHAUSA.Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch the President discuss how #Obamacare has improved our health care system:Celebrate #NationalBestFriendsDay with the person who brings out the best in you.Read why former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk thinks it's time for the United States to #LeadOnTrade:Stand up for expanding #CollegeOpportunity for hard-working students:"Im going to keep doing everything I can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." President ObamaIn the weekly address, the President discusses #ImmigrantHeritageMonth and fixing our broken immigration system."Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." President ObamaRead a few wise words from Beau Biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves behind.If you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for #CollegeOpportunity:With higher hourly wages and 280,000 new jobs, May's jobs report is good news for our economy.If all 50 states expanded Medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. Read more:The economy added 280,000 jobs in Maymarking 63 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.There's been a lot of progress on LGBT equality, but there's more work to do. Add your name to join the fight:This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It's time to #ActOnClimate.It's more fun to run with a friend. #NationalRunningDayKeep the momentum going in the fight for equality. Add your name now:Here's one way to spark change: Share what LGBT equality means to you.Join the team that's fighting for LGBT equality:People across the country are #WearingOrange today to stand up against gun violence.When all Americans are treated equallyno matter who they are or whom they loveour country will be a better place.Your story matters in the fight for LGBT rightsshare it here:It takes courage to share your story.Be on the right side of history. Add your name to continue the fight for equality: #LoveIsLoveHappy Pride Month. #LoveIsLove"For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." President ObamaWatch President Obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly address:Add your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial: #ActOnClimate"Let us carry his legacy forward." President Obama on President John F. Kennedy, born 98 years ago todayAnother reason why health care reform is so important to millions of Americans.New clean water provisions will help protect the health of 117 million Americans. Read more: #CleanWaterRulesRead this blog from @GinaEPA and Jo-Ellen Darcy on why protecting water sources is so important: #CleanWaterRulesEnforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why America needs to #LeadOnTrade.Read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the President is receiving in Miami today: #ActOnClimateA huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean. #CleanWaterRulesRead why #CleanWaterRules are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking waters:When 97 percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and #ActOnClimate.These #CleanWaterRules will protect America's drinking water from polluters.Millions of Americans are counting on this.Cities nationwide are answering the President's call to #LeadOnLeave and #RaiseTheWage:The President is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in U.S. history. You can help fight for it, too:"Americans gave everything they hadnot for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." President ObamaToday is the last day to get your application in for the @OFA Summer Fellowship program:Watch President Obama pay tribute to the United States Armed Forces in the weekly address: #MemorialDayWeekendIf the U.S. doesn't #LeadOnTrade, others will. Let's make sure America writes the rules in this global economy:America needs to lead the way and #ActOnClimate.The deadline to be part of the summer #OFAFellows program is tomorrowapply here:LIVE: The President is speaking to the Adas Israel Congregation in celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month.Love is winning: #LoveIsLoveRead how the Obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other pollinators:Check out the President's speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy on why it's so important to #ActOnClimate:This is about making sure there's a level playing field for American workers in the global economy. #LeadOnTradeTV won't be the same without Dave.America needs to #LeadOnTrade. If you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name:"This cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." President Obama on climate change #ActOnClimate"It will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. But there is no other way." President Obama #ActOnClimate"The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." President Obama"Climate changeand especially rising seasis a threat to our homeland security." President Obama #ActOnClimate"Denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." President Obama on climate change #ActOnClimate"Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." President Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates"The planet is getting warmer. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have been in the past 15 years." President Obama #ActOnClimate"The best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." President Obama #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy.Tune in at 11:35 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy:This is why health care reform matters.Bees.This is your opportunity to get your start in community organizing:It's time to do away with Mad Men-era workplace policiesadd your name if you agree:LIVE: President Obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in New Jersey.Welcome @POTUS, the official government account of the President of the United States.What will it take for climate change deniers to #ActOnClimate?"We want a place where you can make it if you try. Thats the promise we make to our young people." President ObamaIn the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all Americans:This is about leveling the playing field for American workers in the global economysay it's time to #LeadOnTrade:You could be the next great grassroots organizer. Here's how: #OFAFellows"Theres going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." President Obama on the passing of #BBKing"When it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." President Obama #NWHWThis is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly 40 million Americans with student debt:It's the #GimmeFive challenge, presidential style.This shouldn't be an issue in 2015. #LeadOnLeaveYumi used to think she couldn't make a differencenow she's helping DREAMers in her community. Read her story:It's time for the United States to #LeadOnTradeadd your name if you agree:America needs to #LeadOnTrade by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via @WhiteHouse)"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." President Obama on the Amtrak derailmentAdd your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is: #LeadOnLeaveIt's time to do better by working families. Let's #LeadOnLeave.Sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave: #LeadOnLeaveNASA leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. Let's not let climate change deniers change that:As we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve: #LeadOnLeaveIt's time to give American workers the security of paid leave. #LeadOnLeave"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." President ObamaWATCH: President Obama honors the 70th anniversary of VE Day in the weekly address:President Obama visits his 50th state today. See White House photographer @PeteSouza's gallery from the first 49:In the last 62 months, over 12.3 million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. Read more:"When the playing field is level, nobody beats the United States of America." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"If any agreement undercuts working familiesI wouldnt sign it." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." President Obama"We have to make sure America writes the rules of the global economy." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"If we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what: China will." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"I view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." President Obama #LeadOnTradeLIVE: President Obama is speaking about trade in Beaverton, Oregon.Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on trade in Beaverton, Oregon:The economy added 223,000 jobs in Aprilthat's a record 62 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.Too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. Join the team holding them accountable:Carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. It's time for action, not denial. #ActOnClimateThat time President Obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to #ActOnClimate: #TBTAddressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economyit's good for our health: #ActOnClimateAdd your name if you're ready to #ActOnClimate:David Letterman and President Obama discussed retirement plans last night. Take a look:This @OFA volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her grandchildren.Working families deserve paid leave. #LeadOnLeaveHappening now: President Obama delivers remarks for the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance at @LehmanCollege.Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch the President speak at the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance.The science is clearclimate change shouldn't be ignored. #ActOnClimate"A great education can be within everyones reach." President ObamaWATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to education.Teachers have the ability to influence their students for life. #ThankATeacher and share how important yours were:Know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? Here's where to apply:President Obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the White House. WARNING: cuteness ensues.Read President Obama's op-ed in the @MiamiHerald on why we can't wait to #ActOnClimate:LIVE: The President takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students. #BooksForAllRead how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the President of the United States: #ThankATeacherOur education shapes who we become. Share who inspired you, and #ThankATeacher today:Check out President Obama's interview with @WSJ on why America needs to #LeadOnTrade:.@OFA's fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots organizers. Be a part of it:LIVE: President Obama honors the 2015 National Teacher of the Year. #ThankATeacherIf you aspire to be a better community organizer, this is for you:Thanks to health care reform, people have more optionsjust another reason Americans are #BetterWithObamacare:Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first African-American woman to hold the post.ICYMI: Watch President Obama's full remarks to @OFA supporters last week.LIVE: Watch the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner. #WHCDCecily Strong hosts the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Watch it here:"We cant surrender to the futurebecause we are meant to win the future." President Obama #LeadOnTradeIn the weekly address, the President discusses how the new trade deal will benefit American workers and businesses:Farmers can fight climate change. Read about the Obama administration's new plans to help: #ActOnClimateIf you know someone looking to take their organizing skills to the next level, send them here:America can't stand by and let other countries #LeadOnTrade. We have to step up and write free and fair trade rules."You give me hope. You guys are doing extraordinary things." President Obama to @OFA supporters"Talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." President Obama to @OFA supporters"If I didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, I would not be doing it." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"We've got to fight for trade that benefits our workerson our terms." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." President Obama"My entire presidency has been about helping working families." President Obama"The status quo isn't working for our workers." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"It's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"It's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"We want to make sure we win the future. That's what America is about." President Obama"America needs to write the rules of the global economy. We can't leave it to somebody else." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"This set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." President Obama #LeadOnTrade"Today, more than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." President Obama"I'm proud of all of you, and I hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." President Obama to @OFA supporters"You guys sound fired up!" President Obama at the @OFA Spring SummitLIVE on @OFA #Periscope: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 Spring Summit.You won't want to miss this.Heres a reminder from @GinaEPA of a few challenges the EPA has conquered in the past: #ActOnClimateApply to be an @OFA fellow today to make a difference in your community:#ClimateChangeIsReal. So is President Obama's 3-point game."We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." President Obama"This is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. We can solve it if we have the political will." President Obama #ActOnClimate"No matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as Americans." President Obama #FindYourPark"Every dollar invested in the National Park Service generates $10 for the American economy. That's a good investment." President Obama"Climate change can no longer be denied. It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation." President Obama #ActOnClimate"The Pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." President Obama #ActOnClimate"If we don't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it." President Obama #ActOnClimate"I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." President ObamaLIVE: President Obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world. #ActOnClimateTune in at 3:05 p.m. ET to watch the President speak in Everglades National Park about fighting climate change:#ClimateChangeIsReal. So is the historic agreement between the U.S. and China last fall to cut carbon pollution.#ClimateChangeIsReal. So are the actions President Obama is taking to tackle it.The United States needs to #LeadOnTrade and sell more goods that are #MadeInAmerica.Help organizers from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level:If you want to take your organizing skills to the next level, this is for youapply to be an @OFA fellow now:WATCH: This is why it's important for the United States to #LeadOnTrade."This week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." President Obama #FindYourPark"Let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." President Obama #FindYourPark"Climate change can no longer be deniedor ignored." President Obama #ActOnClimateWATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his commitment to #ActOnClimate.ICYMI: Check out the full video from the #ObamaTownHall on equal pay, child care, and more.This article debunks six big myths on climate change: (h/t @goodhousemag) #ActOnClimate"We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." President Obama"Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal paythese are family issues and these are economic issues." President Obama"Anything that holds women back holds back the entire country." President Obama #EqualPayNow"Ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." President Obama #EqualPayNow"Because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." President Obama #EqualPayNow"I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." President Obama"We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." President ObamaLIVE: President Obama is speaking at a Champions of Change event highlighting people fighting for working families.Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama celebrate Americans who are fighting for working families:Happy #NationalHighFiveDay!LIVE: The White House is hosting the eighth annual Soldier Ride with the Wounded Warrior Project.LIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BlogHer and @SheKnows about equal pay, paid leave, and more. #ObamaTownHallIt's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are: #ObamaTownHallDon't miss today's #ObamaTownHall with @BlogHer and @SheKnows in Charlotte at 2:35 p.m. ET:"When women succeed, America succeeds." President Obama #EqualPayNowIt's time. #EqualPayNowClimate change deniers are running out of excuses. #ActOnClimateAnother reason Americans are #BetterWithObamacare:"Two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." @VP Joe BidenIn the weekly address, @VP Joe Biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two years.WATCH: The Obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect America's youth.President Obama is working with Caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. Find out how: #SwitchToCleanRetweet if you agree: We have to #ActOnClimate now.Read how one organizer found his inspiration to take action:"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." President Obama on #ObamacareCheck out these great photos from this year's #EasterEggRoll: #TBTMan-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. Read more here:Today marks an important milestone for civil rights. Read more from @vj44:The White House is expanding "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day" to kids who don't have a workplace to visit:Now is the time to #ActOnClimate.Read how President Obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change: #ActOnClimateThe House's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. See how it could affect you:Happy #OpeningDay.This would be huge for working families: #LeadOnLeaveToday is the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. Check out the celebration here: #GimmeFiveWATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about the historic understanding reached with Iran."From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." President ObamaThe President is launching an initiative to train 75,000 Americansincluding veteransto join the solar workforce:"We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." President Obama"We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." President Obama"Since I took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." President Obama #ActOnClimateLIVE: President Obama is in Utah talking about training American workers for clean energy jobs. #ActOnClimateTune in at 1 p.m. ET to watch President Obama at Hill Air Force Base in Utah discuss the importance of clean energy:Our economy added 126,000 jobs in March, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth.LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Louisville, Kentucky, about the economy.Tune in at 5:50 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on our economy in Louisville, Kentucky:We need a budget that works for every Americannot just the wealthy few.Happening now: The President is delivering a statement on Iran.This 9-year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the President:Read how #Obamacare is a major reason why weve seen an estimated 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths:Renewable energy investments are up 17 percent globally from 2013. Read more:The budget resolutions Congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely upon.Climate change is a global problem. Here's another step towards solving it: #ActOnClimateGet ready for the final sprint. You have until midnight to enter ... Go!This shouldn't be a debate. #ActOnClimateYou could talk about anythingeven compare jump shots. Enter now:Be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up:Stay calm, but act fast: There's one day left to enter for the chance to meet President Obama.Another nation commits to #ActOnClimateMexico announced it would cut carbon pollution 25 percent by 2030:Free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the President? Enter today:LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the life and legacy of Senator Ted Kennedy in Boston."Protecting working Americans paychecks shouldnt be a partisan issue." President ObamaWATCH: The President highlights the progress made since he signed Wall Street reform into law five years ago.You've got this:Check this off your bucket list."Time and time again, @SenatorReid stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." President ObamaWouldn't it be nice to fly to D.C. to meet President Obama? Here's your chance:If you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its futurechip in today:"There's nothing we can't do if the American people decide it's time." President Obama"We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." President Obama"Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." President Obama"I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." President Obama"The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." President Obama"I want to put more people back to workrebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" President Obama"These ideas are not about ideologythe reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." President Obama"Two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity